English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Monday, October 4th
Article: Learning English through Radio


Despite the rising popularity of podcasts and other online streaming content, traditional radio remains a good way to learn English. In fact, radio offers a wealth of opportunities for language learners to practice and grow. Best of all, an actual radio is no longer required. Instead, all that’s needed is an internet connection. Always start by practicing with radio programs that are appropriate to your level. That might mean speakers who talk at a slower pace and who use simple vocabulary. The aim of these programs is to improve listeners’ overall comprehension of English in a natural context. After listening to a particular episode, you should try to listen again while shadowing the dialogue. That means repeating what you’re hearing while you listen. Your focus should be on getting the pronunciation right. This also helps in differentiating between similar sounding words. Try starting with a 5-minute section of your favorite radio program. Record your voice, and listen to it after the shadowing exercise. Finally, compare your voice to the voice of the speaker in the original. Note any errors, or look up any words that you still don’t understand. Then, repeat this process until you feel that you’ve been improved according to your standards, and are able to understand the content better. 






입이 트이는 영어
Monday, October 4th
Describe How You Have Made Use of EBS Radio Programs


To me, EBS broadcasts are like an old friend. I first experienced EBS way back in 1979 when I was in the 10th grade. The station had a different name at that time, and the broadcasts focused on subjects for college admissions. Now, I listen to EBS not as a student, but as a middle-aged member of society. The most familiar programs are language study’s programs on EBS-FM. I tune into English lectures for two hours each morning from 6 to 8 o’clock unless something comes up. After so many years, English feels like a hobby not an academic pursuit. It’s fun to learn English expressions for real life topics every day. I even feel a twinge of regret that I’ve only discovered how fun it is so recently. I wish that I had considered English as a hobby in the past rather than thinking of it as a chore. 


Dialogue Practice
A: How long have you been studying with EBS radio programs?
B: I’ve been tuning in for almost 10 years. 
A: Wow, that’s a really long time.
B: I study in advance, listen to the broadcasts, and then go over the content. It makes my day.
A: I do the same. 
B: I think learning a second language is great for mental health regardless of your age.