English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Tuesday, October 5th
Article: How Monthly Giving Benefits Support the Donor and the Cause


It goes without saying that charity organizations appreciate donations whenever they can get them. However, studies suggest that recurring monthly donations might be better for both the organization and the donor. So the next time you donate to a charity, try making it on a monthly donation. Monthly giving is a great way to include charitable donations in your budget. Giving $10 each month might be more palatable than spending $120 all at once. If you have a credit card, your donation can be made automatically every month. This is especially useful for people who want to donate regularly but who are forgetful. Monthly donations can also help reduce pressure to give at the end of the year when many organizations ask for donations. Unexpected donations are great, but monthly donations allow organizations to rely on some consistency. It also means they don’t have to spend resources to pursue new donors each year. Monthly donors and their donations provide benefits similar to large one-time gifts. All of this helps charity organizations save time and money. When people make monthly donations, they can easily see the impact their donations make. These donations help people to stay connected with the organization and to know where the money is used. Monthly donations help people stay up to date on new innovations and programs offered by charity organizations. 




입이 트이는 영어
Tuesday, October 5th
Talk about Sharing with Others through Monthly Donations 


Thanks to a much better standard of living than in the past, kids these days rarely want for anything. As the mom of an only son, I worry that he might not build character because he lives in comfort. I thought about how we might practice sharing in our day-to-day lives. After giving it some thought, I added some money to my son’s monthly allowance, and we donated in his name to a charity organization. Sometimes, we receive a periodic report on how the money is being spent. The report is delivered to my son, and he reads it carefully. He takes pride in the fact that his allowance is being used in a meaningful way. As he grows up, he feels great love and the way his helping hand is giving someone hope. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Did you say you do volunteer work with your daughter?
B: We used to, but we have been shut down because of the Coronavirus.
A: Oh, I suppose that must be so. 
B: Instead, we donate monthly to a charity organization.  
A: Oh, really? Does your daughter like that?
B: Yes, I think it’s teaching her the value of sharing.