English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Wednesday, October 6th
Article: Cycling and Its Health Benefits 


Regular physical activity can help protect people from serious diseases such as obesity, heart disease, and diabetes. In particular, cycling is one of the best ways to reduce the risk of health problems associated with a sedentary lifestyle. Cycling is a healthy, low-impact exercise that can be enjoyed by people of all ages. It is also fun, inexpensive, and good for the environment. An estimated one billion people ride bicycles every day for transport, recreation, or sport. Cycling to work is one of the most time efficient ways to combine regular exercise with your everyday routine. And best of all, that health benefits from cycling are easily obtainable. It only takes 2-4 hours of cycling per week to achieve an improvement in your health. Cycling is considered a low impact activity. It causes less strain and injuries than most other forms of exercise. It’s also a good muscle workout. Cycling uses all of the major muscle groups when you pedal. And unlike other sports, cycling does not require a high level of skill. In other words, it’s easy. Once you learn how to ride a bike, it’s hard to forget. Cycling is mainly an aerobic activity. This means that your heart, blood vessels, and lungs all get a workout from cycling. Your breath deeply, sweat, and experience increased body temperature which all improve your overall fitness level. Other health benefits of cycling include flexibility, decreased stress, and improved posture. 




입이 트이는 영어
Wednesday, October 6th
Talk about How Cycling Can Help Maintain Good Health 


A small stream called Tanchun flows in front of our house. A bicycle path runs along Tanchun stream connects the entire capital area. One day watching people riding their bicycles, I had a sudden urge to go cycling myself. It seems like an ideal form of exercise for the Coronavirus crisis, plus, I heard that cycling can provide upper body exercise, in addition to the lower body. I bought a bicycle with help from a friend who knows all the ins and outs of bicycles. At first, riding just 20 Km wore me out, but my physical stamina has improved a lot. And I can complete a 100 Km round trip if I get an early start on weekends. I can also take in the view, get some fresh air while I pedal, and visit must-eat restaurants for a healthy meal. It’s killing two birds with one stone: improving health and relieving stress. 


Dialogue Practice
A: How do you workout these days?
B: I ride my bicycle almost every day. 
A: Oh, really? Is that a good workout?
B: Yes, it’s great. It’s even better because you can take in the view while you work out a sweat. 
A: That must be good for both your mental and physical health. 
B: That’s right. Once the Coronavirus outbreak is over, I’m planning a cross-country tour.