English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Thursday, October 7th
Article: Why People Have Different Taste in Food


You scream. I scream. We all scream for ice cream. That’s one good example of food that is enjoyed by seemingly everyone. However, examples like this are few and far between. What’s more common, it’s clear distinctions between what people like and what they don’t like. All humans require air, water, sleep, and food to survive. However despite this commonality, the types of food that people like differ greatly. These differences are not chalked up to just being picky. Instead, taste is a serious science. And to get a better understanding of it, you need to take a closer look at your tongue. All humans have bumps on their tongues. Although these bumps have a scientific name, they’re commonly known as taste buds. What differs from person to person is that number of taste buds on the tongue. And it’s this difference that accounts for different people liking and disliking different foods. Generally, more taste buds mean a preference for milder foods. Conversely, people with fewer taste buds generally have a fondness for stronger foods. Technically speaking, these people are known as subtasters. If you can eat a spicy dish without breaking a sweat, you’re likely a subtaster. On the other hand, a supertaster would likely have to dilute the same dish with water or cream to make it palatable. 




입이 트이는 영어
Thursday, October 7th
Talk about People’s Different Food Preferences


When I eat with friends, it often strikes me how different everyone’s taste in food is. The level of doneness for fried eggs is a good example. I like a runny yolk. A fully cooked egg is hard to swallow. Eggs are a key ingredient in many other dishes, too. Popping a yolk in a stew or instant noodles can reduce spiciness and add a savory flavor. Next, there is the issue of whether to pour the sauce on sweet and sour pork, or to dip the pieces in the sauce. I prefer dipping. You end up eating too much sauce if you pour it. Plus, dipping the pork also preserves the crispy mouth feel. Finally, there is the preference between Jajangmyeon, black bean noodles and Jjamppong, spicy noodle soup. I lean toward Jajangmyeon. It’s fun to mix the ingredients before eating. You can also slurp the noodles since the dish isn’t spicy. When I try slurping Jjamppong, the soup gets all over my glasses. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Everyone has different tastes when it comes to food. 
B: That’s right. Preference is very even among family members. 
A: My husband and I have very different tastes. 
B: Really? How so?
A: I like my food lightly seasoned, but my husband likes salty food with strong flavors. 
B: I see. It must be hard to strike a balance when you season food at home.