English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Friday, October 8th
Article: How to Take Care of Your Skin


A person’s skin is his or her largest organ. So, it’s no surprise that taking care of your skin is both important and time consuming. However, you can still pamper your skin by taking care of a few basics. Good skincare and healthy lifestyle choices can help tolate natural aging and prevent various skin problems. One of the most important ways to take care of your skin is to protect it from the sun. Exposure to the sun can cause wrinkles, age spots, and other skin problems. It also increases the risk of skin cancer. That’s why it’s so important to use sunscreen when you’re in the sun. It’s also important to just avoid the sun altogether. Even when you think you’re treating your skin well, you might be damaging it. Daily cleansing can take a toll on your skin. Therefore, don’t spend too much time in the bath. Long showers or baths remove oils from your skin. Limit the length of your bath or shower, and use warm water instead of hot. Finally, for the best skin, eat a healthy diet and manage your stress. Eat plenty of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, and lean proteins. Likewise get enough sleep, scale back your to-do list, and make time to do the things you enjoy. The result might be more dramatic than you expect. 








입이 트이는 영어
Friday, October 8th
Talk about Skin Care Specialists


I currently work as a skin care specialist at a dermatologic clinic. I believe that skincare is the process of aging gracefully. That’s why I take great pride in my work. I’m filled with anticipation because I will begin attending grad school in September. I will major in skincare and obesity. I want to research skincare and obesity to help people live healthy lives with greater confidence. I also hope to teach students and foster them to be even better than I am. Of course, inner beauty is just as important as a person's outer appearance. I think that true beauty comes from striking a balance between inner and outer beauty. That’s why my dream is to help everyone be their own main character rather than simple lookism. 


Dialogue Practice
A: A lot of people visit our clinic to receive treatments for their acne these days. 
B: Oh, I see.
A: We usually provide acne extrusion to prevent scarring. 
B: A lot of people get breakouts because of masks these days. 
A: That’s right. For those patients, we provide treatments to soothe inflammation.
B: I’ll have to visit your clinic to receive skincare treatment.