English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Monday, October 11th
Article: Adult Obesity Causes and Consequences


Obesity can result from a combination of both behavior and genetics. Its association with poor mental health and reduced quality of life make it a serious condition. Also, obesity is linked to leading causes of death such as diabetes, heart disease, stroke, and cancer. To stay off obesity, health behaviors include regular physical activity and healthy eating. Balancing the calories consumed helps play a role in preventing excess weight gain. Most doctors recommend at least 150 minutes per week of moderate exercise like walking. Activities that strengthen muscles are also important. Genetic evolution in humans occurs too slowly to be solely responsible for today’s obesity epidemic. Nevertheless, research suggests that genes do play a role in obesity. Genes instruct the body how to respond to changes in the environment. Likewise, genetic variations may contribute to obesity by increasing hunger and food intake. Doctors collect family health history to help identify people at risk of obesity related diseases. This family health history reflects the effects of shared genetics and environment among close relatives. While people cannot change their genes, they can be encouraged to follow healthy eating habits and engage in physical activity. Those changes can improve the health of family members, thereby improving the health history of the next generation. 




입이 트이는 영어
Monday, October 11th
Talk about Obesity Prevention


October 11th is World Obesity Day. The day was designated to raise awareness and educate people about the need to prevent obesity. Organizations from 50 regions around the world dedicate it to addressing obesity designated World Obesity Day and are working on the issue together. 31.8% of Korea’s population were obese in 2013, but that figure rose to 39% in 2020. Obesity itself takes a toll on people’s quality of life, but various complications arising from obesity are also major problems. Some examples include heart disease, strokes, diabetes, and cancer. Obesity poses a major threat to public health. More and more people are saying we need to be proactive in preventing and managing it. There is no quick fix for the problem of obesity. Above all, it’s important to take preventive measures early on during childhood and adolescents. Obesity at a young age eventually leads to obesity as an adult in many cases. 


Dialogue Practice
A: It’s important to help kids manage their weight. 
B: That’s right.
A: Obesity as a child or a teenager can eventually lead to obesity as an adult.
B: So I hear. 
A: And they say parent’s behavior and atmosphere play a big role in a child’s weight.
B: I think that sounds reasonable.