English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Tuesday, October 12th
Essay : Tips on Getting Kids Ready for School on Time


When my daughter started kindergarten, I faced a daunting change to my regular schedule. Her preschool used to have a flexible start time, but now, her school would start when the bell rang at 7:50 AM sharp. I was worried about how to get her to school on time and how to switch to a more efficient schedule. The first thing I did was nail down a wake-up time. Ideally, I wanted to get up an hour before I had to leave at 7:30, but my wife and I are night owls. So, we decided to set the alarms for 7AM giving us 30 minutes to get out the door. Next, we developed a schedule for a morning routine. Ever look down, everything we needed to do such as dressing the kids, brushing their hair, making breakfast, and so on. It quickly became obvious that I needed help. So, I posted a copy of this schedule on the refrigerator and had everyone sign up for at least one task. Today, our daughter is in second grade, and our son is in kindergarten. Most mornings, we are out the door in 15 - 30 minutes, and it’s not always pretty and doesn’t always go smoothly. But when the teachers take attendance, kids are at their desks. Most importantly, they are well rested and ready to tackle the day because they didn’t have to wake up at the crack of dawn. 








입이 트이는 영어
Tuesday, October 12th
Talk about Taking Your Child to School and Back 


As a working mom, I never had a chance to take my kids to school or bring them back again. Even when there was a sudden downpour, my kids borrowed the umbrellas on their own or came home soaked in rain. My youngest child, now in first grade, went to and from school with her older sisters. But because of the Coronavirus, I went on childcare leave a few months ago. So these days, I sometimes go to pick up my kids at school at the end of the school day. As I wait, I am filled with anticipation for them to come out. I am on tenterhooks when I don’t see them, worried that we might have missed each other. But then, when our eyes meet and my daughter runs to me smiling with her arms outstretched, I feel glad I came out to meet her.  


Dialogue Practice
A: Your son started elementary school, right?
B: Yes, he started early this year. 
A: How does he commute to and from school?
B: Oh, my husband and I both work, so my mom goes on school runs. 
A: I see.
B: It’s a good thing my mother lives nearby.