English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Wednesday, October 13th
Opinion : How to Adjust to a New Culture as Immigrants


Adjusting to a new culture as an immigrant is a tough job. But here’s some tips to help. First, accept the fact that you’ll have to leave things and people behind. You’ll be away from your family, your friends, your lifestyle, and even the weather that you’re used to. Despite the difficulty in letting go, it is an important part of the process. Next, you have to accept that change is a good thing. Change helps people evolve and improve. There is always something to learn from every situation. The important thing is to maintain your own identity. A change of your surroundings can provide untold opportunities. Change can be tough, but it’s worth it. Don’t forget to be humble. Your personal beliefs are more important than any material possessions. At the end of the day, your values are what distinguish you from others. You might be royalty in your own country, but in a new country, many will see you as just another immigrant. So, be gracious for the welcome that your new home provides. And finally, have an open mind. Even if your situation is dire, try not to be negative. Don’t be judgemental. Instead, try to be an objective observer. This will help you develop a deeper understanding of your new surroundings. 








입이 트이는 영어
Wednesday, October 13th
Talk about the Life of an Immigrant


A lot of younger people these days dream of relocating overseas. I was one of those people. Now in my 30s, I have obtained a green card in Canada, and I’m adjusting to life here. One of the selling points of immigrating has been that I have been free from fine dust. It’s great to be able to breathe fresh air. Another advantage is that I am afforded respect for who I am. I really appreciate the social atmosphere of accepting people's individual inclinations. But life as an immigrant has its drawbacks too. The biggest is that I have to live so far away from my family. Also, I sometimes have a hard time because I can’t fully grasp the local culture. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Have you ever thought about emigrating? 
B: No. I haven’t given it much thought. I like it here in Korea.
A: I’ve seriously considered moving abroad.
B: Oh, really?
A: Yes, a lot of my relatives have relocated overseas. 
B: Then, I suppose you had more opportunities to entertain the idea.