English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Thursday, October 14th
Opinion : How to Show Your Parents Appreciation


Children rarely think twice about the things their parents do to show their love. Plus, most parents do what they do to help their kids be happy, not because they want to be thanked. Nevertheless, if it’s been a while since you’ve thanked your parents, there’s no time like the present. Here are some simple but meaningful ways to do it. Cook them a delicious healthy meal. Nothing says love like a home cooked meal. Do you remember how excited you felt when your parents made your favorite dinner? Now, it’s time to return the favor. Even if you’re not the world’s greatest chef, your parents will appreciate the gesture. Try helping around the house. Spend a weekend during your parents' chores. Fix all the little broken things in their house. Do their laundry. If nothing else, just spending that time with your parents will be a good thing. After the work is done, go out for a walk together. Share a fun memory, reminisce a little. Who doesn’t enjoy taking a trip down memory lane. Remind your parents about something they did that meant a lot to you. Or tell them a story about your favorite childhood moments. Warm memories from the past can brighten your parents’ future. 






입이 트이는 영어
Thursday, October 14th
Talk about Your Parents


I was born late in my parents’ lives, the youngest of one son and one daughter. My parents are getting on in years now, and my brother is 11 years older than I am. To be honest, I couldn’t stand that my mom and dad were 10 years older than the parents of my friends when I was a little kid. But as I grow up, it has begun to dawn on me how hard it must have been to raise me, and how precious my parents are. I’ve come to realize that those immature thoughts were stupid. As my parents and I grow older, I sometimes get a lump in my throat just from seeing them. I am filled with regret over hurting them when I was young and immature. I constantly resolve to be better to them while they are still alive and well. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Next year, I really want to send my parents on a trip overseas. 
B: Yes, me too.
A: They say they miss the days before the Coronavirus when they could travel.
B: I’m sure they must.
A: Can you recommend a good spot where I could send them?
B: A few good candidates do come to mind.