English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Friday, October 15th
Article : How to Wisely Deal With a Quarantine


Some studies have suggested that a 2-week quarantine can be linked to serious mental health issues. Examples include depression, confusion, or anger. Some of these conditions can have long lasting effects. Therefore, it’s important to know how to handle your time in quarantine wisely. Think about the things that make you happy and do those during quarantine. It doesn’t matter what it is, just so long as it is something you enjoy. If cooking is your thing, do that. This will challenge your creativity and help stave off boredom, not to mention hunger. Just because you’re going to be inside for 14 days, it doesn’t mean you have to stop exercising. There are loads of free exercise videos online that you can do at home. Also, many exercise apps have a 2-week free trial, which is just perfect for quarantine. Exercise helps boost your immune system and relieve stress. Finally, be mindful. Be in the moment. Just 5 minutes of daily meditation can help you get a fresh perspective. When done regularly, mindfulness can counteract the effects of stress. If the idea of sitting in silence doesn’t appeal to you, try taking a bath or reading a book. In a pinch, even just staying off social media can help you clear your mind and relax. 




입이 트이는 영어
Friday, October 15th
Describe Your Experience of Quarantining at Home Because of Covid-19


I received word that there was a confirmed case of COVID-19 at the pilates studio I go to. I got tested for COVID, and the result was negative. But the very next day, I got the bad news that I had to self-quarantine for two weeks since I was in close contact with a confirmed patient. I went into quarantine in my room, and I had to work from home. I had to be extra careful since I live with my family. To be honest, I felt wronged during my quarantine. After all, my test result was negative, I always wore a mask while exercising, and I had even gotten my shots. I had to report my temperature, and whether I had any abnormal symptoms to a civil servant who handled my case. Sometimes, I received a visit to check if I was quarantining properly at home. I was told to keep all my garbage in my room and throw it out all at once when my quarantine ended. 


Dialogue Practice
A: I am on edge about all the new COVID-19 variants.
B: That’s right. You never know when a new variant will emerge.
A: There are even cases of breakthrough infections of fully vaccinated people.
B: I’ve heard that.
A: Have you gotten your shots?
B: I got my first dose, but I’m still waiting for my second.