English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Monday, October 18th
Article : What Is Pet Fostering?


Shelter animals sometimes need to live temporarily in an actual home before being adopted. In this case, the process is known as pet fostering. It’s ideal for some people but it’s not everyone’s cup of tea. People who need their pet’s taken care of due to emergency or disaster rely on pet fosters while they reestablish their lives. When making placements, animal shelters consider the needs of both the animal and the person who will be fostering the animal. Experts usually suggest separating one’s own pet and the foster pet to minimize potential conflicts. To help with this, many organizations provide training and information about the animal’s temperament and medical needs. To become a foster, people apply at the local animal shelter. The sponsoring organization may inspect the home of a first-time foster. Fosters are then given essential supplies such as food and access to veterinary care, and the 24-hour number to call in case of emergency. Pet fosters must remember that they are a vital but temporary guardian to an animal in need. Animal welfare organizations work to place lost, abandoned, and abused animals in permanent homes. But before that happens, pet fostering is widely used. It helps relieve overcrowding in shelters. It also reduces animals’ stress by providing a temporary and supportive sanctuary while they await permanent adoption.   






입이 트이는 영어
Monday, October 18th
Talk about Fostering Rescue Animals


Temporary foster care is one of many ways to help rescue animals. It refers to looking after abandoned animals at home for a while until they are adopted for good. Only a limited number of animals can be held at animal shelters, so animals past the deadline for adoption have to be put down. But if a temporary caretaker looks after an animal until it is adopted, it can avoid being euthanized. Animal lovers who can’t reliably keep pets for an extended period can help abandoned animals through foster care. It’s also a good way for people to get to know about animals when they want a pet, but are still on the fence about it. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Do you keep a cat at home?
B: Oh, I’m fostering these kittens just for the time being. 
A: Oh, really?
B: Yes, they were separated from their mother on the streets, and needed looking after. 
A: I see.
B: It’s nice to look after them temporarily, just until they find a home.