English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Tuesday, October 19th
Article : What Does a Product Developer Do?


A product developer manages the development of new products. They also help enhance existing products in order to meet customers’ expectations. They conduct research, develop proposals, and supervise the design process. They also collaborate with marketing, technical and manufacturing specialists and develop prototypes. All of this is done to help their clients remain competitive. Successful product developers require engineering and design knowledge. They also need strong knowledge of the prototype design process in addition to outstanding written and verbal communication skills. Ultimately, a good product developer should be highly innovative, possess the ability to problem-solve and work well within a team. In terms of academic credentials, a Bachelor's Degree in Engineering or Industrial Design is the norm. As with any occupation, previous experience in the field or a related one is an asset. On the technology front, product designers should be comfortable using prototyping equipment such as 3-D printers. Product developers combine art, engineering, and business to design products that people use everyday. Product developers are both creative and practical. The designs they work on are eventually produced on a mass scale and include everything from kitchen appliances to toys to furniture. Product developers are also commonly known as commercial or industrial designers. 






입이 트이는 영어
Tuesday, October 19th
Talk about the Work Done by Engineers


I have worked for 15 years as a product development engineer. Developing a product is a complicated process. First, the marketing department or sales department performs market research on customers’ needs. After completing the analysis on whether development is needed, the product developers get to work. They are in charge of many aspects including checking the product performance, preparing for mass production, and getting customer feedback. Engineers do all the work to develop a product, so they need to have a proper understanding of the product and analyze it properly. Solving problems on the double when an unexpected defect occurs is another key responsibility of an engineer. 


Dialogue Practice
A: A product has to go through a lot of stages to be developed, doesn’t it?
B: That’s right. First, you need to do preliminary research on the product needs.  
A: I see. 
B: Even after the development of our product is finished, we track it for at least 6 months. 
A: That’s to suss out any product defects, right?
B: That’s correct.