English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Wednesday, October 20th
Article : What Are Webtoons?


When smartphones first hit the scene, they brought substantial changes to many sectors. One such example is comic books. At first, traditional comics were displayed on smartphones in the same way they were printed on paper. But soon, a new style of webcomic emerged - one that capitalized on the vertical nature of smartphone design. Known as Webtoons, this new style caught on like a wildfire. The word ‘webtoon’ is said to have originated in Korea. The name is a combination of the words ‘web’ and ‘cartoon’. In the early 2000s, Korean internet companies jumped on the webtoon bandwagon to increase traffic to their websites. They invested vast sums of money into webtoons and achieved massive commercial success far beyond their wildest predictions. Before webtoons, many comics were hand drawn. The process was labor-intensive and time consuming. What’s more, mistakes were common and creating full-color versions was nearly impossible. But thanks to modern technology, comics are now much easier to draw, edit, and color. Webtoons are also influenced by modern culture. If webtoon artists find themselves criticized for their work, they can easily make changes. Webtoons are sometimes called bite-sized entertainment. What’s more, they are continuously evolving with ever expanding lists and genres. Also, new features like cinematics and physical effects that incorporate phone vibration are being introduced to enhance the reading experience. As long as smartphones and the internet remain popular, webtoons will continue to thrive. 




입이 트이는 영어
Wednesday, October 20th
Talk about Webtoons


‘Webtoon’ is a newly coined word combining ‘web’ and ‘cartoon’. It refers to comics that are published on online platforms. Overseas, the word has become a proper noun referring to Korea’s online comics. Just 10 years ago, webtoons were not a widespread form of popular culture. But webtoons these days are a top example of Korean cultural content. Some of the most popular webtoons are adapted into TV shows or movies. The unconventional and interesting subject matter of webtoons is what has propelled them to success. They're overflowing with creative ideas and content. Webtoons were free in the early days, but readers have to pay for more and more of them on dedicated websites. The market for published comics is shrinking, but the webtoon market is growing steadily. This is because it is an industry based on smartphones. 


Dialogue Practice
A: I’m seeing a lot of fun webtoons these days. 
B: Yes, they’re developing a strong fan-based, thanks to their fresh subject matter. 
A: That’s right.
B: Some webtoons are adapted into TV shows. 
A: Yes, I have seen them. 
B: The top webtoon artists enjoy popularity that is on par with that of celebrities.