English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Thursday, October 21st
Article : The Importance of Regular Checkups 


In the past, people would only see their doctor when they were sick. Today, however, people know more about their own health. This is making preventative healthcare more common. People seek medical advice to help them live a healthy lifestyle by maintaining a healthy diet, weight, and level of physical activity. On top of that, doctors are encouraging people to get regular checkups. This helps them stay on top of their health. Regular checkups can help find potential health issues before they become a problem. Early detection gives people the best chance of getting the right treatment quickly. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. The benefits of regular checkups include reducing the risk of getting sick in the first place. But on a larger scale, regular checkups can also uncover potentially life threatening conditions. If knock on wood, there is a problem, catching it early through regular checkup will increase the chance of treatment and cure. A regular checkup can limit the risk of complications from existing conditions. And when combined, all these benefits can improve one’s overall health, and increase a person’s longevity. And on top of all that, there is a financial benefit as well. Regular checkups can help reduce healthcare costs over time by avoiding costly medical services.  






입이 트이는 영어
Thursday, October 21st
Talk about the Importance of Medical Checkups


Early this year, I received the national health examination. On the very day that I received the exam, the doctor's diagnosis was that I might have colon cancer. Exactly 10 days after the exam, I went to a university hospital for surgery to have it removed. The biopsy result showed that it was first stage colon cancer. Thankfully I didn’t need anticancer treatment. I just need follow-up exams every year when I get my routine physical. To be honest, I exercised everyday for the past 10 years and maintained a healthy diet. I never drank, smoked, or ate late night snacks. I managed my health so carefully that it made me a little angry that I got cancer. Still, I know that it’s a good thing I found the cancer early on. 


Dialogue Practice
A: How often do you get medical checkups?
B: It has been ages since I last went.
A: You really should get checked up regularly.
B: I suppose that would be best. 
A: With serious conditions like cancer, you need to find them early through checkups in order to treat them more easily. 
B: I won’t put it off anymore. I’ll get one right away.