English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Friday, October 22nd
Article : How Do You Decide Whether You Should Quit Your Job?


The COVID-19 pandemic undoubtedly changed many elements of life including people’s attitude toward work. Lately, there’s been a significant increase in people who intend to quit their jobs. Some people have dubbed this phenomenon as the great resignation. But it’s important to note that resignation rates had already been on a steady rise over the past decade. Past research has suggested that money was a poor indicator of people’s job satisfaction. In other words, when people received more pay for doing what they loved, they ended up loving it less. Unsurprisingly however, recent research has challenged these findings. These new studies suggest that financial incentives do work as a motivator. For some people, fun is at the opposite end of the spectrum from money. As is often the case, boring jobs pay a ton of money. The world would likely have fewer bankers and lawyers if those professions earned as much as the average musician does. Most vocations or careers that appear to be inherently rewarding, actually pay much less than corporate jobs. Impact is another important factor to consider. In other words, does your work enable you to contribute to the things you care about. Your job may pay well or be fun. But if it lacks impact, then you may want to consider moving on to greener pastures. 








입이 트이는 영어
Friday, October 22nd
Describe Your Experience of Quitting a Job 


I have worked at a hospital for 11 years. I have changed jobs a few times, but I never took time off from work for an extended period. It’s not easy looking after and treating patients. But my work gave me a sense of accomplishment and it suited me well. But last year, my health took a downturn. I started feeling stressed out. Recently, I have had splitting headaches and I broke out in hives. I couldn’t use my vacation days, so I had to get by on shots and medicine. After giving it a lot of thought, I decided to call it quits. I want to focus on recovering my health as I rest. It was a tough decision to make, but I want to commend myself for my hard work during the past 10 years. Of course, I will continue to study for a fresh new start. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Are you taking time off from work these days?
B: Yes, I have some health issues, so I’m taking a break. 
A: Oh, really? 
B: Yes, I’ve been taking it easy for about 3 months, and I’m much better now. 
A: That’s good to hear. 
B: I’m getting ready to enter the workforce again.