English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Monday, October 25th
Article : How to Have Fun at Water Parks


Water parks are amusement parks featuring water play areas such as swimming pools, water slides, and splash pads. On top of that, water parks also have areas for floating, bathing, and special barefoot environments. More modern water parks may also be equipped with some type of artificial surfing or bodyboarding environment such as a wave pool. Although it may not seem like it first, water parks are for more than just entertainment. Water parks can provide a day of fun, but also teach valuable swimming skills to kids. They often offer swimming lessons and the chance for kids to participate in a swimming team. Make sure you take full advantage of all the extra lessons the water park offers. When it’s time to take a break from all the swimming or sliding, the best water parks have got you covered. These parks will have sandy play areas for children to enjoy a game of beach volleyball. And when it’s time for a snack, a good water park always has a concession stand nearby. No matter how much fun you’re having, safety must come first. Stay safe by obeying all the rules. Observe the height restrictions on specific rides. Always walk, never run near the pools, and don’t bring glass containers or bottles into the park. If these get dropped, they could shatter and cut someone’s bare feet.  






입이 트이는 영어
Monday, October 25th
Talk about Water Parks


Our kids go crazy for water parks all year long. They were very disappointed that we couldn’t go even once last year because of the coronavirus. So, early this year, we visited a water park that featured water from hot springs. Of course, we followed quarantine guidelines very closely. The kids were really in their element, excitedly playing in the water. Our parents whom we had brought along enjoyed soaking in the outdoor bath. My husband and I washed away our fatigue with hydromassages. We had our reservations before we went, but everyone kept their masks on. The water park put us at ease by managing time with a 10-minute break every hour. I hope that the coronavirus crisis will quickly come to an end, so that our kids can freely play in the water. 


Dialogue Practice
A: I visited a water park with my kids. 
B: Oh, really? Weren’t you worried about the coronavirus? Water parks can be contagion hot spots. 
A: Of course, I was worried. But we strictly followed quarantine guidelines. 
B: I see. That certainly lowers the risk.  
A: I wish the coronavirus crisis would come to an end, so we could freely splash about. 
B: Everyone feels the same way.