English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Tuesday, October 26th
Article: Childbirth Delivery Methods
 
There are many different ways that females can give birth. Some examples of these methods include natural unassisted childbirth, assisted childbirth, and cesarean-section. Natural birth without medication can be less painful if the mother and partner learn breathing techniques and other strategies in a birthing class. Of course, it varies from woman to woman, but most mothers would honestly say that childbirth is indeed painful. However, the pain is short lived. In addition, there are many ways to reduce the intensity of childbirth pain. Since there are many choices in childbirth, women can choose the method that’s best for them, the one that makes them most comfortable. Giving birth in the hospital allows quicker access to surgical interventions if an emergency occurs. Since natural births are not always an option, hospitals provide several options to assist mothers with the safe birth. Other often done in a response to an emergency, C-sections are sometimes planned in advance. Other assisted birth options are typically used in the event of unexpected complications. A C-section involves a horizontal incision across the woman’s lower abdomen, then the infant is delivered through that incision. The typical hospital stay is 3 days after a cesarean to ensure the incision is healing. According to officials, about 30% of births are done by C-section, however, the World Health Organization says the rate should only be 15%. 






입이 트이는 영어
Tuesday, October 26th
Describe Your Experience of Giving Birth
 
As the mother of three kids, I get chatty when the conversation turns to giving birth. My first child was in a breech position until the end of the pregnancy, so I had to get a C-section. I was determined to have my second child by natural childbirth. She was born by vaginal birth after a cesarean section or VBAC. This refers to giving natural birth after having a C-section. When a mother who has had a C-section pushes when she is in labor, the surgery site can reopen. This is why most hospitals recommend another C-section. I chose a C-section again for my third child because I was older and it was a tall order finding a hospital to perform a VBAC. When I see my three kids, it makes me think that bringing up healthy children is more important than how a child is born.  
 
Dialogue Practice
A: Did you have your kids by natural childbirth?
B: I did for our first born, but I had a C-section for our second.
A: I see. It was the reverse order for me. 
B: The reverse? Is that possible?
A: Yes, it is. It came as a surprise for me, too.
B: I thought that after a C-section, you have to keep going back to it.