English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Wednesday, October 27th
Article: Expo 2020 Dubai
 
As the name implies ‘Expo 2020’ was originally scheduled to be held in the year 2020. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Expo 2020 kicked off in October 2021. What’s more, Expo 2020 will conclude in March 2022. Dubai, United Arab Emirates was named as the host city in November 2013. Despite being postponed, organizers decided to keep the name ‘Expo 2020’ for marketing and branding purposes. This is the first time that a world exposition has been postponed rather than being outright cancelled. Expo 2020 Dubai is said to be the largest event to ever take place in the UAE. Organizers say it would be a celebration of human brilliance and the accomplishments. The Expo’s main theme is Connecting Minds, Creating the Future. In addition, there are three sub themes: Opportunity, Mobility, and Sustainability. Three pavilions related to these sub themes opened for a limited time before the full opening of the Expo. For example, the Sustainability Pavilion opened in January 2021 and closed in April. According to the organizers, Dubai Expo 2020 will connect people from around the world. Visitors will experience the best of global art, culture, and science. The innovations and inventions on display will help create new ideas to improve society. 






입이 트이는 영어
Wednesday, October 27th
Talk about the Dubai Expo


World Expo is one of the top 3 mega events in the world along with the Olympics and the World Cup. The Dubai World Expo takes place for 6 months from October 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022 in Dubai, UAE. It was originally slated for 2020, but it was pushed back a year because of COVID-19. This time around it will feature a hybrid format incorporating both on and offline channels because of disease prevention measures. 192 countries from all over the world will participate in the Expo. Each participant will create a country pavilion to hype up their country. Korea will also operate the Korea pavilion to bang the drum for our country. The exhibition theme for the Korea pavilion is “Smart Korea moving the world to you.” It is said to contain Korea’s determination to lead humankinds to a better tomorrow. 


Dialogue Practice
A : Are you familiar with the World Expos?
B: Sure. The Daejeon and Yeosu Expos were hosted in Korea. 
A: This year, the expo is being held in Dubai. 
B: Yes, I heard it was originally slated for last year, but it was pushed back a year because of COVID-19. 
A: Korea is making a bid to host the 2030 World Expo in Busan. 
B: I heard that. I really hope that we make that work.