English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Thursday, October 28th
Opinion: What to Do to Put Together a Music Band
 
Many young people don’t like having to take music lessons. Carrying heavy instrument back and forth to school is inconvenient. However, later in life, the ability to play an instrument is pretty cool. And what’s even cooler is being in a band. So, here are a few tips to help you put together a band and get you started on your way to stardom. At the very least, you’ll need a drummer, a guitarist, a bass guitarist, and a singer. Anything more than that, is just icing on the cake. Then you need to find a place to practice. If you’re lucky, you can practice at one of your band members’ houses. If not, then you’ll have to rent a studio. After you’ve done all that, you can start playing music. More importantly, you can start writing music. You can do this individually, or together as a band. The most important thing is to respect each other’s songs. Everyone is said at least a little shy to share their first original songs. Being in a band teaches you important lessons about life. It’s a fun way to learn how to share opinions respectfully, be creative, and work as a team. Once you can do that, you’ll be well on your way to finding out what makes you unique, special, and cool.








입이 트이는 영어
Thursday, October 28th
Talk about Hobby Bands
I experienced band instruments for the first time when I signed up for the band club in high school. A close friend badly wanted to play the drums, and I somehow ended up going with him. I picked up an electric guitar and learned to play it. We met every day at lunchtime and at night to practice. I have fond memories of performing during school festivals. In college, I was so busy trying to land a job that I wasn’t active in any bands, but I always had a yearning for music. Then, I found out by chance that there was an office workers’ band alliance in my neighborhood. Hearing that beginners are welcome, I tried my hand playing the bass for the first time. I became a bassist for a band, and I’ve been active in the hobby band for over five years already. Being in a band can appear difficult but jamming with your band mates feels fantastic. I would highly recommend joining a band to anyone who is interested.
Dialogue Practice
A: What do you usually do on weekends?
B: I usually go to band practice with my band mates.
A: Really? Are you in a band?
B: Yeah, I’m in a band with local office workers. 
A: Is there such a thing?
B: Sure. I found out about it five years ago and signed up right away. It’s great.