English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Friday, October 29th
Article: What Are Some Halloween Traditions
Halloween falls on October 31 every year. On that day, young children carve Jack-o’-lanterns, don costumes, and go trick-or-treating. Jack-o’-lanterns are said to have originated in Ireland. At that time, turnips were used instead of pumpkins. The idea behind Jack-o’-lanterns is to scare away evil spirits. And the orange color of the pumpkin is meant to symbolize the Autumn harvest. So, why do people wear costumes on Halloween? According to legends, people believed that ghosts would come out on Halloween. So, to avoid being bothered by the ghosts, people wore ghost costumes. This way, the real ghosts will leave them alone. Now that we know why people carve pumpkins and wear costumes on Halloween. The last thing left to explain is trick-or-treating. One theory suggests that people used to leave food outside just to satisfy the ghosts travelling the earth that night. However, the people who dressed up as ghosts would take the food instead. Another theory suggests that trick-or-treating stems from a German tradition. In this theory, children would wear costumes and then visit their neighbors. The idea was to see if their neighbors could guess the identities of the disguised children. If the kids successfully fooled their neighbors, they were rewarded with food or other treats. 




입이 트이는 영어
Friday, October 29th
Talk about Halloween
 
The word Halloween can be traced back hundreds of years. Originally, it refers to the Eve of All Saints’ Day. Usually, it features creepy themes like fearful deaths and mythological monsters. One of the major holiday customs of Halloween involves carving a pumpkin and placing a candle in it. The lanterns made to look like ghosts are called Jack-o’-lanterns. Kids dress up as creatures like ghosts or witches and go door to door asking for candy. This is called Trick-or-Treating. If they aren’t given any candy, they might play tricks like scribbling graffiti on a house. But most grown-ups prepare sweets to give out to the children, so this only happens very rarely. 
 
Dialogue Practice
A: What will you be doing for Halloween?
B: The kindergarten is throwing a Halloween party for the kids. 
A: Oh, really? They must be bouncing off the walls. 
B: Yes, so I have to help the kids get dressed up.
A: I see. I hear grown-ups go to costume parties these days, too.
B: It seems like Halloween culture is becoming more widespread in Korea.