English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Wednesday, September 1st
Article - Electric Scooters in South Korea


Here’s a situation that most people can relate to. You are at home on a Sunday, when suddenly you want to grab some coffee. But here’s the problem. Your go-to place is too far to walk to, but too close to justify driving to. Faced with this dilemma, renting an electric scooter might be just what the doctor ordered. While great for such circumstances, these new mobility devices aren’t without controversy. Numerous accidents have occurred because users drive recklessly on roads and sidewalks. What’s more, since electric scooters are a relatively new mode of transportation in South Korea, safety rules and laws are still evolving. Although there are bound to be some additional modifications in the future. Here are some general e-scooter rules for everyone’s safety. First, always wear a helmet. Next, do not have more than one person on an e-scooter. Plus, don’t ride on sidewalks. But instead, use the right side of roads or bicycle lanes. Last but not least, always absorb traffic rules, and never drink and drive. Several e-scooter rental companies have appeared in South Korea over the past few years. Currently these e-scooter sharing services are all vying for a bigger and bigger piece of the mobility pie. As such, each offers slightly different prices, availability, and features. 




입이 트이는 영어
Wednesday, September 1st
Talk about Electric Kick Scooters


Electric kick scooters are a common sight these days. Many people have purchased e-scooters for personal use. But most people rent scooters that are parked on the street. These kick scooters are convenient, but there is a constant risk of accidents. Related accidents have occurred constantly. That’s why the duties of care for e-scooters were toughened up a few months ago. Wearing a helmet is now a must. Also, only people with the license to operate the motor device or car can ride e-scooters. Only people 16 years old or older are qualified to obtain a motor device license. If a child is caught operating an e-scooter, their guardians have to pay a fine. As a general rule, e-scooters must run on bicycle lanes. When such lanes are not available, the scooters must run along the right side edge of the road. If they cause an accident while running on a sidewalk, the driver could face criminal charges. 


Dialogue Practice  
A: The laws governing e-scooters have been beefed up, haven’t they?
B: That’s right. Helmets are compulsory now. 
A: I see. What is the minimum age to operate one?
B: You have to be at least 16 years old.
A: Do you need to have a license?
B: Yes, You need to be licensed to operate a motor device.