English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Thursday, September 2nd 
Article - How to Create a Study Schedule


Academic success comes from a combination of several different factors. But of course, studying is an integral part of the equation. But with that said, finding time to study can sometimes be a challenge. Luckily, creating a solid study schedule can help rectify that problem. So with that in mind, here are some tips to help create a study schedule.
First, establish short, and long-term goals. Having specific goals makes it easier to create and manage your schedule. Short-term goals might include passing a test in a week, finishing a paper within two weeks or memorizing a presentation in ten days.
Well, long-term goals might include getting into a certain college, winning a scholarship or landing a certain job or internship. Make sure you know exactly how much time you have for each of your goals. Write down the end date and calculate how many days, weeks, and months are left. For example, what is the deadline for a college application, or when are your exams. And finally, after you’ve listed all the subjects or exams you need to study for, prioritize your list. Ranking each class in importance has two main benefits. First, it will help you determine what subjects you need to devote the most time to. And second, it will help identify which subjects should get the best time slots on your schedule. 






입이 트이는 영어
Thursday, September 2nd 
Talk about Your Personal Study Planner


When I wake up in the morning, I write down my plans for that day’s studies in my study planner. I then study according to the plan. First, I jot down the date and write what I have to study in order of importance. Then, I write down the time for each study item. I do my utmost to finish my studies within that time. When I check off an item, I mark it with a highlighter. Then, I record how much more or less time it took to study compared to the plan. Before I call it a day, I write down words of encouragement for myself in my planner. By using my study planner just to study this way, I can make the most of my time.
When I finish my studies for the day, I feel a sense of achievement.


Dialogue Practice
A: What are you jotting down there?
B: Oh, this is my notebook for planning out what to study each day.
A: Do you write down each item like that?
B: Yes, it really gives me a sense of satisfaction when I stick to the plan.
A: I’m sure it must.
B: You should give it a try. It’s very effective.