English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Friday, September 3rd 
Article - The History of World Expos  
 
In general terms, world expos reflect universal themes that cover the full gamut of human experiences. More specifically, these events focus on certain themes, which international incorporat participants are required to adhere to. Registered expos are held every five years because of the high cost associated with having to design pavilion buildings from the ground up. As a result, nations compete for the most outstanding or memorable structure, which drives costs up further. Sometimes, prefabricated structures are used to help minimize costs. In other cases, countries from a similar geographical block will choose to share a common space. Again, the impetus here is cost savings. In the 1980s and 1990s, world expos were held more frequently than they are today. Besides helping to reduce expenditures, limiting world expos to once every five years avoids scheduling conflicts with the Olympics. World expos are restricted to every five years with specialized expos in the in-between years. Specialized expos are usually united by a specific theme. For example, future energy during expo 2017 in Astana or the living ocean and coast during expo 2012 in Yeosu. Such themes are more specific than the wider scope of the world expos. In addition, specialized expos are usually smaller in scale and therefore cheaper to run. 




입이 트이는 영어
Friday, September 3rd 
Talk about Efforts Being Made to Host the 2030 World Expo in Busan


The world expo is one of the top three major global events along with the Olympics and the World Cup. The expo showcases humankind’s major accomplishments and future prospects according to a theme. It is a top event in the economic and cultural sectors for presenting solutions to problems that the world has in common. There are several perks of hosting the world expo in Korea. It’s a chance for Korea to take a big step forward solidifying its position as a global opinion leader. Fifty million people from two hundred countries are expected to participate in the 2030 world expo. Huge economic effects are expected. Bidding to host the 2030 world expo in Busan has been fixed as a national undertaking. A planning committee was launched in 2019 and has been hard at work since then. The host city will be selected in 2023.


Dialogue practice
A: Our country is in the running to host the 2030 world expo.
B: Oh, I see. Is this the first time?
A: No. We hosted the 1993 expo in Daejeon and the 2012 host’s city was Yeosu. 
B: So this is the third time. 
A: That’s right. This time, Busan is making a bid to become the host.
B: I hope to hear good results.