English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Monday, September 6th 
Guinea Pigs as Pets


Dogs and cats have always been popular pets, but these days guinea pigs are also proving to be popular. However, because they are not quite as well known as cats and dogs, raising a guinea pig can require a bit of specialized knowledge. From the expected life span to the social nature of guinea pigs here are some things to consider before choosing a guinea pig as a pet. While guinea pigs don’t live nearly as long as cats or dogs there are still a large of time commitment. Guinea pigs live around 5 to 7 years on average. But sometimes longer. Also,  guinea pigs are very social animals and are at their happiest living with other guinea pigs. Guinea pigs need a lot of room. Most cages that are marketed as guinea pig cages are too small. But the good news is making a homemade cage is easy. And since guinea pigs are not prone to running away, a homemade cage is a great option. On the health front, guinea pigs are one of the few animals that cannot manufacture vitamin C. That means, that they must get it from their foods. Incidentally, the same is true of humans. Choosing good quality food and providing a variety of fresh foods are indeed important. But just to be safe, many guinea pig owners give their pets a vitamin C supplement. 




입이 트이는 영어
Monday, September 6th 
Talk about Guinea Pigs


Guinea pigs are rodents that are very popular as pets. They have a gentle disposition. And adorable doll-like faces. Their plump rear ends make them look similar to pigs which is why they were given that name. Guinea pigs scare easily and they are sensitive. But they take to people surprisingly well. They recognize their family’s voices and smells of food. They also recognized their own name. Sometimes, they beg for food. They are also quite clever. And can be tout and tricks. Because of their digestive system, guinea pigs eat all day long. If they remain on an empty stomach for too long, they might die. To raise a healthy guinea pig, you have to pay close attention to their food. They require an unlimited supply of fresh water and hay. You should also feed them pet food and fresh produce to supplement nutrients. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Did you say you have a pet guinea pig at home?
B: That’s right. He’s so adorable. He takes to people pretty well, too.
A: Really? Where did you get him?
B: I adopted him from an animal shelter.
A: Oh, I didn’t know you could do that.
B: Sure, they may great pets. I highly recommended it.