English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Tuesday, September 7th
Article - What to Do When Your Credit Card Is Lost or Stolen?


As cash becomes less and less prevalent in society, the importance of credit cards continues to rise. So, what should you do if you lose your credit card? Well, whatever you do, time is of the essence. Take action before a fraud stream makes you for all you’re worth. Here are five steps to take if your credit card is lost or stolen. First, call your credit card issuer immediately to report the loss or theft. Normally, you could find the contact number on the back of your card. But, because your card is missing, that’s obviously no longer a viable option. Nevertheless, don’t panic. You can find your credit card issuer’s phone number on your credit card statement or online. Your credit card issuer will first verify your identity. To do so, you’ll likely need to supply information such as your name, address or pin. It will help if you know when your card was lost or stolen. They may review recent transactions to see if any of them appear to be fraudulent. After that, your issuer will cancel your account and mail you a new card with a new number. And the old days, that will be that. But today, because of mobile payments, there’s one more step. Make sure to update your mobile wallet on your phone with your new number.    






입이 트이는 영어
Tuesday, September 7th
Talk about When You Lost Your Credit Card 


I was on my way home on the subway. My phone was vibrating, but I couldn’t pick up the phone because I was on a train. Then, I got a long text informing me that a theft or loss report had been filed for my credit card. Startled, I checked my phone case. My credit card wasn’t in its slot. The card slot had become loose. My card must have slipped out. I called a credit card company and asked what had happened. They told me which station my card was at, so I went to the Lost and Found there. After a quick ID check, I was able to get my card back. I called a credit card company right away and canceled the theft or loss report. It took an hour from finding out I had lost my card to getting it back again. I feel grateful to whomever found my card and handed it over to the customer center, the employees at the Lost and Found, and the credit card company. 


Dialogue Practice
A : I lost my wallet yesterday. 
B : Oh, no. How did that happen?
A : I must have dropped it while I was stepping off the bus. 
B : Oh, I see. Did you report your cards missing?
A : Yes, I did all that. My ID card was in my wallet, too. 
B : I guess you have to get everything reissued.