English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Wednesday, September 8th
Article - The Benefits of Outdoor Play for Young Kids


Regardless of where they are, children need playtime. This is especially true when at school. Playing outside during the school day provides an unstructured break during otherwise predictable, and structured times. It also provides free time to explore and to learn in new ways. Best of all, outdoor play does not need a lot of elaborate equipment to be fun and productive. Unstructured outdoor play allows children to engage with their peers. In turn, this helps them to understand how to interact with one another. It also allows children to develop and express their individual personalities. Some children like being the leader. Others, prefer to go along with the group.         Some enjoy playing on their own. Outdoor play allows children to develop their spatial awareness. This includes a child’s ability to navigate through playground equipment, learning to avoid bumping into objects and being mindful of looking ahead when walking. These are skills a child will benefit from on a daily basis but need to be practiced. While this type of play doesn’t require equipment, it doesn’t hurt to incorporate materials like a ball. During ball play, toddlers learn how to manipulate a ball with their hands. If your child is using playground equipment, make sure it’s age-appropriate. This means that some of the equipment may be smaller than the equipment used for older kids. 




입이 트이는 영어
Wednesday, September 8th
Talk about the Things You Do Outdoors with Your Child 


Ever since the Covid-19 outbreak, I have tried to head outside to play with my child rather than stay indoors. On weekdays, we go to the riverside near our house. I have a catch with my son on the grass. And we take a bike ride or play golf with toy clubs. My wife has a seat on a nearby bench and takes snapshots of our son playing. On weekends when the weather is fine, we go to the beach. We play soccer on the beach, play in the sand and dip our toes in the waves. We spread a mat in a nice spot and eat kimbap that we brought from home. I love being able to make memories outdoors with my child this way. My son is 3 years old. He has had to wear a mask since he took his first steps. I hope that the Covid-19 crisis will come to an end soon. So that I might see him run around without a mask.


Dialogue practice
A: What did you do over the weekend?
B: I took my daughter out to play at a riverside park.
A: Oh, I see. You head outside a lot these days, don’t you?
B: That’s right. I play with her outside a lot rather than stay indoors. 
A: Me too. 
B: It’s nice that she can get some exercise.