English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Thursday, September 9th
Article - What Is Dopamine?


Dopamine is a type of chemical messenger. Your body uses it to transmit messages to your muscles. It affects many parts of human behavior and physical functions, such as: learning, motivation, sleep, mood, and attention. It’s also a big part of human’s ability to think and plan. Dopamine helps people strive, focus, and find things interesting. The human body spreads dopamine along four major pathways in the brain. Like most other systems in the body, you don’t notice it until there’s a problem. Too much dopamine or too little of it can lead to a vast range of health issues. Some are serious, like Parkinson’s disease. Others are much less dire. Many illegal drugs can cause huge increases of dopamine in your brain. It might feel good, but repeated drug use raises the threshold for this kind of pleasure. This means you need to take more drugs to get the same feeling. On top of that, drugs make your body less able to produce dopamine naturally. One common condition these days is attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, otherwise known as ADHD. Health professionals don’t know for sure what causes ADHD. They do, however, have some insights. Some research suggests ADHD might be caused by a shortage of dopamine. And for many people, that shortage is due to genes.




입이 트이는 영어
Thursday, September 9th
Talk about What Dopamine Is


Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that fills a role in a person’s nervous system. Dopamine has a major impact on a person’s motivation, memories, and interest. If you feel calm without any disruptions in your day-to-day life, that’s proof that you are properly producing dopamine. If you produce an excess of dopamine, you start to obsess over addicted things, like gambling or alcohol. These people must help their brain get accustomed to lower levels of dopamine. Dopamine levels drop when we do things that are time-consuming without immediate results. This is why it’s good to meditate or study regularly. Excessively low levels of dopamine can make a person touchy or depressed. These people should first bring their dopamine level back to normal. An orderly lifestyle is very helpful in this case. It’s especially important to eat and sleep regularly. 


Dialogue practice
A: Have you heard of dopamine?
B: Yes, I think it rings a bell.
A: It’s a neurotransmitter that’s produced in the body.
B: I see. What does it do?
A: They say it plays a role in determining a person’s mental state.
B: I suppose it should be produced at an appropriate level.