English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Friday, September 10th 
Article - The Benefits of Hobbies


Hobbies are beneficial for a multitude of reasons. Some hobbies help keep people active. They keep people feeling and looking young. Hiking is a great example of this. Getting out and exploring the outdoors doesn’t even feel like intentional exercise. But if hiking’s not your cup of tea, try walking, swimming, yoga, or any type of physical activity. Hobbies are also good for one’s mental health. Practicing a hobby literally creates chemical reactions in your brain that may stave off mental illness. Also, hobbies can improve mental alertness and concentration. They can also boost self-esteem. Here’s another big plus from hobbies. And this one involves other people. Hobbies can strengthen your relationships. Finding things to do with your friends and family strengthens and encourages lifelong bonds. There’s an abundance of stories of parents bonding with their children while engaged in a hobby. And finally, hobbies can improve your career and boost your bottom line. A hobby can enhance skills related to creativity, design, communication, or networking. And if you are lucky, your next job promotion might be attributed to those skills. And if not, you might be able to use those skills to earn some extra money on the side. In some cases, people even quit their regular job and go full-time with their hobby.




입이 트이는 영어
Friday, September 10th 
Talk about Your Diverse Hobbies


Many things have changed since the COVID-19 outbreak. The biggest change in my life has been the way I pursue hobbies. I used to travel abroad at least every other month. But I haven’t even set foot near an airport for over a year and a half. I signed up at gyms, and yoga or pilates studios to work out in the past. But now, all I can do is go for walks alone and do at-home workouts. Earlier I enjoyed meeting up with friends to visit good restaurants or reading a book in a cafe. But nowadays I brew coffee and read at home. I redecorated my home to create a cafe-like atmosphere and splurged on some high-end speakers to listen to music while I read. I raised plants on the balcony of my house. I started out with mini cactuses but now I also have some plants that are pretty big. 


Dialogue practice


A: COVID-19 has turned our lives upside down.
B: Sure, a lot has changed.
A: I think I look back on myself more than I used to.
B: That’s right. I feel the same way.
A: I spend a lot of time at home so I uncovered talents that I didn’t even know I had.
B: Me too. I’ve picked up new hobbies as a result.