English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Monday, September 13th 
Opinion - Defining the Metaverse Today


As societies change and evolve, new words are added to their languages. One example of this is the word, metaverse. But, what exactly is a metaverse? Is it something that is here already? Or is it something that is being created? Is there just one metaverse? Or several metaverses? So many questions arise when trying to define this word. If you search online, you will find several definitions for the term, metaverse. One online encyclopedia defines metaverse as a collective virtual shared space. This space is said to be created by the combination of virtually enhanced physical reality and physically persistent virtual space. Basically, a metaverse includes the sum of all virtual worlds: augmented reality and the internet. The word, the metaverse is a portmanteau of the prefix ‘meta’ meaning beyond and the universe. The term is typically used to describe a future version of the internet that combines 3D virtual spaces into a perceived virtual universe. But do any of those definitions really represent what experts refer to when they use the word, metaverse? While defining the term is challenging, one thing is true. Metaverse cannot be defined by one single person or company. The language we use to describe the future is ever-changing. If you were to ask twenty people to share their definitions of the word, you’d likely get twenty different responses. 






입이 트이는 영어
Monday, September 13th 
Talk about the Concept of Metaverses 


A metaverse is a 3D virtual world where social, economic, and cultural activities take place, just like in real life. The word combines ‘meta,’ which means beyond, and ‘universe’. A metaverse goes a step beyond virtual reality, VR. Its defining trait is that people can perform the same activities in it as they would in the real world. I recently saw a live performance by John Legend, filmed with the motion camera and recreated it in real time in a metaverse. Watching that, I thought that metaverses will soon fuse with VR elements and really take root in our lives. Metaverses may become an even more powerful medium than our current social media. I would like to take part in these metaverse worlds, exploring the possibilities for myself.


Dialogue Practice
A: Metaverses are on everyone’s lips these days.
B: That’s right. I hear people bring it up a lot more often than in the past.
A: It lets us live our daily lives inside of a virtual world.
B: That’s right. 
A: I think it’s really going to make waves in our lives.
B: I think so, too.