English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Tuesday, September 14th 
Opinion :  What Is Marriage?


According to a well-known Indian yogi, the word ‘marriage’ has a negative connotation in certain parts of the world. In fact, he feels that many young people perceive marriage negatively. To him, young people are against marriage because they think it’s necessary only when they are old and weak. However, this man thinks a partnership should be formed when people are in tiptop shape. To him, people who make poor partner choices when they are weak. On the other hand, when people are well, that’s the time to find a partner who can support you through good times and bad. Turning his focus to women, the Indian author suggests that they don’t have to get married for social and economic reasons. Instead he says, women today have more choices because they can take care of their own economic and social situations. And so, with those two reasons to get married gone, he raises other questions. Do people need companionship either physical or emotional? In making the decision to get married or not, people should consider themselves as individuals. As an individual, how strong are people’s needs? Is the idea to get married some kind of a passing need that can easily be forgotten? If it is, is getting married really worth the trouble?




입이 트이는 영어
Tuesday, September 14th 
Talk about What Makes Marriage Such a Difficult Issue


When they are young and naive, people believe they can live happily ever after with the love of their life based on nothing but true feelings. But as we get older, we learned that meeting that right person is no easy task. With marriage, you need to think about real world issues such as your personalities, set of values, lifestyle patterns, economic situation and whether you want kids. It’s so hard to satisfy these conditions that many people give up on getting married all together. That’s why the average age at first marriage is rising in Korea as well as the number of those choosing not to get married. Various social activities and communities are growing. But it’s harder than ever to meet a good partner. But social background or economic concerns are not everything in meeting your ideal spouse. I think each person’s state of mind is the most important factor of all. 


Dialogue practice
A: Marriage really is a tricky issue. 
B: It’s true. More than anything, you have to be prepared to meet that special someone.
A: I think you’re right. 
B: Even when someone is considering tying the knot, it’s hard to meet Mr. or Mrs. Right. 
A: It feels like the problem is only getting worse.
B: Yes, that’s why more and more people are choosing not to get married at all.