English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Wednesday, September 15th 
Article:  Why Parrots Make Good Pets


Did you know parrots can live 40 years or longer when kept at home as a pet? Therefore, getting a parrot is a long term commitment that should not be taken lightly. Parrots require a great deal of social activity and attention. So if you don’t have a lot of spare time, they might not be the right pet for you. Like other birds, parrots have a high degree of intelligence. Studies have shown that parrots have advanced abilities to problem solve and communicate. They can even understand concepts like math, shapes and colors. In fact, it’s been estimated that parrots have the same intelligence levels and reasoning skills as a 7 year-old child. Unlike other animals, parrots don’t require much grooming. Instead, they will do most of the work themselves. Parrots are naturally hygienic animals who preen their feathers on a daily basis. Preening is just another way of saying grooming. It’s the method that birds use to remove dust, dirt, and parasites from their feathers. When people think about affectionate pets, parrots aren’t usually the first thing that comes to mind. But the truth is, parrots are actually very social animals. In fact, parrots that don’t get enough attention can develop behavioral issues. This is why it is so important that people who own parrots have plenty of spare time to dedicate to them.






입이 트이는 영어
Wednesday, September 15th 
Talk about Pet Parrots


Personal expression is very important these days. So there is a wide variety of companion animals. Among them, parrots are catching on as popular pet birds. Raising a parrot at home can feel unfamiliar at first. But a surprisingly large number of households are doing just that. I have two pet parrots at home. Raising parrots comes with a lot of perks. Unlike dogs or cats, they don’t shed fur. So they won’t trigger your allergies. Also, there’s no need to walk them. They are quite healthy without any niggling illnesses and they don’t need to get shots. Most of all, parrots are as obedient and affectionate as dogs. They are highly intelligent, so you can train them to do tricks. And of course, parrots are well known for their ability to imitate what people say. 


Dialogue Practice
A: You have a pet parrot at home, right? 
B: Yes, He’s been with us for over 10 years. He’s like a part of the family now. 
A: Really? Do parrots live that long?
B: Sure. Their life expectancy is at least 30 years. In some cases, they can live to be 80.
A: For real? I never knew that before. 
B: They really connect with people. And they are whip smart.