English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어 
Thursday, September 16th  
Article - Seasonal Korean Foods in the Fall 


It’s said that Korea is renowned for its four distinct seasons. Be that as it may, each of those seasons features a different set of foods, taking the spotlight. In autumn, three of Korea’s most popular kinds of seafood take center stage: blue crabs, gizzard shad, and jumbo shrimp. Plump blue crabs are cooked in savory soup or steamed. Gizzard shad, which is a type of fish, is enjoyed either raw or grilled. Succulent and fleshy prawns are also great eaten raw or grilled, but the most common way of eating prawns in Korea is to peel them and dip them in a vinegar and red chili-pepper sauce. Another delicacy is Gejang or raw crab marinated in soy sauce or red chili-pepper paste. Freshly-caught crabs are a true seafood lover’s delight. Not only are crabs tasty, but they are also packed with nutrients. The shell contains calcium, and the meat has essential amino acids and vitamins. In Korea, blue crabs are thought to be effective in the prevention of geriatric diseases and to aid in alcohol detoxification. Other examples of outstanding fall foods include flavorful and nutritious pine mushrooms and sweet persimmon. Pine mushrooms come in stewed, grilled, or steamed dishes, such as beef or abalone. Persimmons are particularly sweet in the fall and are widely enjoyed as a dessert. The dried version, called Gojgam, has a different texture from the fresh, undried version. 
 


입이 트이는 영어 
Thursday, September 16th  
Talk about Korea’s Seasonal Food Ingredients. 


Compared to other countries, Korea has a wide variety of seasonal foods. Worn out as we are by fast food, these foods that are in season provide comfort for our bodies and minds. Back when there wasn’t enough food to go around, in-season ingredients were found in the mountains and fields out of necessity. But nowadays, people seek out in-season ingredients in order to eat healthy. For a homemaker, experiencing the different seasons by changing up the ingredients on the dinner table is a small source of happiness. I think that the Korean people are very talented at using ingredients from nature to create delicious dishes. This is one of the reasons why the possibilities are endless when it comes to the globalization of Korean food. 
 
Dialogue Practice 
A: Do you prepare and eat a lot of in-season ingredients? 
B: Of course. 
A: I feel like ingredients produced each season are better for you. 
B: That’s right. It’s also nice to be able to eat a wide variety of foods each season. 
A: I always try to take an interest in the ingredients to prepare healthy meals for my kids. 
B: Me, too!