English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Friday, September 17th 
Article - The Benefits of Study Groups


Some people like studying more than others, but regardless of your stance on the issue, one way to make studying more enjoyable is to establish a study group. A well-run study group can help its members accelerate their learning. It does so by making people talk through their subject, quiz each other, and compare notes. 
Study groups can also help prevent procrastination. When you study by yourself, you might put it off until the night before the test, but when you're in a study group, you have to be present at a specific time. Everyone is counting on you. That regular schedule and that responsibility is what helps avoid procrastinating. Working together, people in study groups will generally learn faster than people working alone. For instance, some part of the material that seems confusing to you could be quite clear to another person. In a study group, you can learn quickly by simply asking a question instead of spending valuable time puzzling over the difficulty alone. If you study by yourself, you will always see your material from the same perspective. Well, this may not be a problem. Getting fresh perspectives on a topic can help you learn more. As you listen and ask questions, you will soon notice a variety of different viewpoints. This forces you to think more about your position. In turn, it helps develop your critical thinking skills.


입이 트이는 영어
Friday, September 17th 
Talk about Some Great, Unexpected Advantages of Studying with 입트영


 I was one of those people who were on-again, off-again with English studies. I was losing motivation when my friend called me up one day. I had met her briefly at an English study group before I moved. She proposed that we start studying with 입트영 together. So we started studying together. At first it was hard just to read aloud the sample answers. But now, five months since we started, reading aloud the text has become much easier. My limited vocab and ability to form sentences have both improved noticeably. Above all, I am over the moon to have found a good friend. I am in my late 40s and it's getting harder and harder to form close relationships. That's why I'm so grateful to my friend who reached out to me and suggested studying together. 


Dialogue Practice 
A: Studying English seems to be most effective when you do it as a team. 
B: I couldn't agree with you more. There are lots of advantages.
A: I think that people can motivate each other. 
B: That's right and you can really build friendships that way. 
A: That's true. 
B: When you study with someone for a long time, you really grow close.