English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어 
Monday, September 20th  
Article - How Old Do You Feel?


When it comes to their age, many people feel either younger or older than they actually are. And this sense of so-called, ‘subjective age’ can have significant impacts on people’s physical and mental health. So, how old are you? Think about it without considering the year you were born. Instead, answer the question based on the way you feel. In other words, how old do you feel? Scientists have found that how people answer that question can explain why some people appear to flourish as they age, while others fade. When older people claim to feel younger than they are, it can influence their life choices in a positive way. The opposite is also true. Thinking that you are older than you actually are, can affect you negatively. Several studies have even shown that your subjective age can predict various important health outcomes including your risk of death. So it stands to reason that the old adage, “You’re only as old as you feel.” may actually be true. So with these results in hand, scientists are trying to identify the many factors that shape people’s experience of aging. The hope is that this knowledge might help people not only live longer lives but also healthier ones.






입이 트이는 영어 
Monday, September 20th  
Talk about When You Feel like You Are Getting Older


Entering a new decade of my life gave me mixed feelings. I’ve only turned forty years old, but I feel ancient. My social responsibility seems like it has more than doubled, too. I was dismayed to find that I am not like I was in my twenties, no matter how well I put on makeup or strike a pose. I don’t have the supple skin that I used to, and it has no pep. When I was a twenty-something, I didn’t know that youth would be short-lived and brilliant. I am working out, but my body shape is becoming rounder. I feel sad that I am turning old like this. I should learn to love my middle-aged appearance for what it is, but it still feels unfamiliar. I would like to become a person who is beautiful both inside and out as I get older. Now, I have to aim for a more mature appeal.


Dialogue Practice 
A: I feel like I’m getting old. Now that I am in my forties.
B: I hear you. Being in my forties feels unfamiliar to me, too.
A: Do you think most people around our age feel this way?
B: Sure, everyone does.
A: My body isn’t what it used to be.
B: I think it’s most important to stay young at heart.