English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Tuesday, September 21st 
Article :  Why Overfishing Is Detrimental


Needless to say, the world's oceans contain considerable amounts of fish. However, those fish populations are facing a major threat. Fishing is one of the most significant drivers of declines in ocean wildlife populations. Fishing itself is not inherently bad, but when fish are caught faster than they can be replenished, that’s called overfishing. Around the world, overfishing has tripled in the last 50 years or so. Today, approximately 30 percent of the world's fishing environments are being pushed beyond their limits. Sometimes overfishing happens accidentally. This is known as by-catch which is the capture of unwanted creatures while fishing for different species. Overfishing harms more than just oceans and fish. Millions of people rely on catching, selling, and buying fish for their livelihoods. These people are working to improve how ocean resources are managed and conserved. One of the main agencies helping to do this, is the World Wildlife Fund, or WWF. The WWF is trying to establish sustainability to conserve ecosystems, a pool of livelihoods, and ensure food security. Another challenge to global fish stocks is illegal and unregulated and unreported fishing, also known as IUU. As the name implies, IUU happens without concern for the environment or regulations on fishing quotas. IUU fishing threatens the sustainability of fish populations, ecosystems, and the livelihoods of those who fish legitimately. 




입이 트이는 영어
Tuesday, September 21st
Talk about Marine Pollution


I recently watched the documentary called ‘Seaspiracy’ on the recommendation of a friend. It shows how large scale fishing and overfishing is having a negative effect on the marine ecology. It really came as a shock. I’d often heard about how factory farming is impacting the environment, but I was unfamiliar with how fishing threatens the marine environment. The movie exposes how we are destroying the marine ecosystem by catching fish willy-nilly. It warns that unless we change our ways, marine animal species may go extinct. Some aspects of the movie might have been exaggerated a bit, but I think it is meaningful that the movie raises the awareness of the need to protect the marine environment. 


Dialogue Practice
A: I recently watched the documentary on the marine environment. 
B: Really?
A: Yes. It shows how rampant overfishing is taking a huge toll on the marine ecosystem. 
B: I think I’ve heard of it. 
A: They say that we might face environmental disaster if we continue at this rate. 
B: I suppose things could get much worse than we had thought.