English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어 
Wednesday, September 22nd  
Article - Health Benefits of Gardening


Beyond the obvious benefits of providing food, gardening also provides a variety of health advantages. One of these benefits is increased vitamin D. Vitamin D increases Calcium which benefits people’s bones and immune system. Scientific studies have shown that exposure to sunlight contributes to vitamin D levels. So gardening is a perfect way to get more vitamin D while pursuing a fun hobby. Gardening can also help reduce your risk of dementia. Some studies have shown that gardening lowers that risk by more than 30%. Researchers tracked more than 2800 people over the age of 60 for 16 years. At the end of the study, they concluded that the physical activity from gardening could reduce the rate of dementia in later years. Gardening is also a great form of exercise. With any luck, you will be so absorbed in your gardening that you don’t even realize you are working out. Pulling weeds, reaching for various plants and tools, and twisting and bending as you garden will work several different muscles in your body. It also helps with strength, stamina, and flexibility. Finally, gardening can help combat loneliness. As people get older, they may lose some of their social connections. Community gardens can be a fun way to meet new people and keep people connected. In turn, this can help boost your overall mood and reduce stress. In some cases, it can also help lower your blood pressure. 




입이 트이는 영어 
Wednesday, September 22nd  
Talk about the Joy You Get from Gardening


More and more households these days are growing fruits and vegetables at home. Reasons range from emotional cleansing to securing clean food. People raise plants on their balconies, on rooftops, or in flower beds. Sometimes they rent out a bit of land from a farm. Recently raising green onions in gardens became a hot new fad because of skyrocketing prices. This year I was selected in a draw to receive a garden plot in our apartment complex. So I am raising green onions, lettuce, chili peppers, pumpkins, eggplants, and cherry tomatoes in my garden. The greatest joy in gardening comes from seeing the plants I tend to as they grow, little by little each day. It also brings me great happiness to taste the fruits of my labor with my family.   


Dialogue Practice 
A: What do you usually do on weekends?
B: Oh, on weekends I tend to my garden.
A: Really? What do you grow?
B: You name it. I grow lettuce, cherry tomatoes, and pumpkins. 
A: Isn’t that a lot of work? I usually just loaf around on weekends.
B: It is a bit tiresome, but it’s worth the trouble when I put my produce on the dinner table.