English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Thursday, September 23rd 
Article - Franz Liszt Was Music’s First Superstar


These days, singing throngs of screaming fans at K-pop concerts is nothing new. In fact, it’s something that can be traced back to the 1960s in British bands like The Beatles. But if you go back even further, 19th century piano genius Franz Liszt might have been one of the world’s first musical superstars. Franz Liszt was born in Hungary in 1811. He died in 1886. At the age of 7, Liszt received piano lessons from his father. His father was a talented musician himself who knew Joseph Haydn and Ludwig van Beethoven personally. When he was 11, Liszt was already composing music and appearing in concerts. As he grew older, Liszt continued to study and develop his expertise at playing piano. Liszt was a child prodigy who performed for audiences in Vienna, Paris, and London. He was known not only for his musical skills but also for his distinctive showmanship. He had shoulder-length hair that he tossed over his shoulders while swaying his body rhythmically over the piano as he played. In just eight years, Liszt played thousands of concerts. And while doing so, he effectively invented the profession of the international concert pianist. In fact, the word celebrity is said to have been first used in the 1830s to describe Liszt. The media paid great attention to Liszt’s concerts and even more attention to his antics.






입이 트이는 영어 
Thursday, September 23rd  
Talk about the Pianist Franz Liszt 


Franz Liszt was a composer and pianist born in Hungary in 1811. In his early days, he is said to have been deeply moved by the music of the devilishly talented violinist Paganini. He left behind various works for the piano that are extravagant and require great skill. One could argue that he was a forefather to today’s idol fandom. Thousands of high society women gathered to watch him perform, and people frequently passed out while seeing him play. Wherever he stayed, people camped out in front of his residence to catch a glimpse of him. Liszt was the first performer to place the piano sideways so that audiences could see his extravagant technique. He also opened the lid of the piano toward the audience to better project sound. Among his signature works for the piano is La Campanella, in which the opening bars sound like handbells.


Dialogue Practice 
A: Did you say your son majors in piano?
B: Yes, that’s right. He is really into music.
A: He must practice day and night.
B: Of course. He practices for hours on end every day.
A: I’d like to hear him play sometime.
B: He practices Franz Liszt’s La Campanella with his eyes blindfolded.