English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Friday, September 24th
Essay - Hiking Mt. Hallasan (한라산)


Mt. Hallasan is within Hallasan National Park on South Korea’s magnificent Jeju Island. Some people consider it to be a volcano. However, many scientists feel that its lack of activity means it should be classified as dormant. Regardless, Mt. Hallasan provides hikers with the best way of seeing all of Jeju Island from one place. There are four main trails on Mt. Hallasan. However, only two of these will take hikers all the way to the tip of the mountain’s volcanic crater. These are the Gwaneumsa(관음사) Trail and the Seongpanak(성판악) Trail. Despite its extra 900 meters in length, the Seongpanak trail’s milder incline makes it the more popular of the two. However, the Gwaneumsa Trail is the most picturesque. Some trails like the Eorimok(어리목) Trail and the Yeongsil(영실) Trail can be hiked in as little as two hours. Nevertheless, hikers are advised not to leave their starting time too late. Doing so can cause slower hikers to become stranded overnight. Therefore to ensure sufficient time to get up and back down during daylight hours. Park officials have instituted cut-off times that vary with the seasons. In most seasons, starting before noon will suffice. However, in the summer months, starts can be delayed until 1:00 PM. Realistically, however, earlier start times are recommended. In the winter this can mean starting as early as 9:00 AM, and in the summer hikers can wait until 10:00 AM to start.




입이 트이는 영어
Friday, September 24th
Talk about a Day Trip to Hallasan Mountain


On weekends I often go hiking in the mountains near my house. One day, I started to think about climbing Hallasan Mountain on Jeju Island. I searched online to find out whether I could do it as a day trip. The first order of business to visit Baengnokdam(백록담) Crater Lake at the mountain top is to make a reservation. Because of COVID-19, the number of visitors each day is limited to 1500. Upon arriving at Jeju Airport on the first available flight, I went to the hiking information center. I checked in with the QR code I was given through the reservation system and started my hike. Hearing the birds singing and taking in the fresh air, I felt refreshed. I finally arrived at Baengnokdam at Hallasan Mountain’s peak. Even though it was a weekday, people were waiting in line to take pictures. After descending the mountain, I went back to the airport, hopped on a plane, and went home. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Day trips to Hallasan Mountain are all the rage these days. 
B: Really?
A: Yes. You can plan out a hike as a one-day course.
B: I guess you’d have to start first thing in the morning.
A: That’s right. You have to catch a flight to go hiking.
B: That sounds great. I’d like to give it a go sometime.