English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Monday, September 27th 
Article - Demand for Courier Services in Korea Soared during the Pandemic


Many businesses in Korea suffered major declines during the Coronavirus pandemic. Courier services, however, actually saw a surge in popularity. Prior to the pandemic, people used couriers about six times per month on average. But during the pandemic, that number rose to nearly ten. People in their twenties accounted for the highest growth jumping from just over five deliveries per month to nearly ten. Interestingly, people in their seventies saw the second-largest growth. Their delivery use increased from almost exactly five times per month to just over eight. Some researchers attributed these increases to two main factors. First, the fact that more universities began to offer online classes. And second, the fact that older people who are at higher risk tended to avoid danger. When broken down by items, food saw the biggest jump in deliveries, up nearly 84% from the pre-pandemic levels. Next on the list were books, home appliances, and household goods. As people spent more time at home, there were fewer outdoor activities. At the same time, demand for daily necessities increased. At current growth rates, Korea’s parcel delivery volume is expected to reach more than 5 and a half billion boxes by late 2023. That staggering number is double that of 2019. Despite this strong growth, Korea’s parcel delivery industry is said to face some ongoing challenges. Two major ones are lack of supply logistics facilities and worsening labor conditions.


입이 트이는 영어 
Monday, September 27th 
Talk about Parcel Distribution Centers


I started a part-time job at a distribution center for a parcel delivery company back in May. On my first day, I was worried that it would be a tough grind. I wasn’t wrong. Parcels to be delivered to homes and to large-scale supermarkets, shopping malls, and department stores are dealt with separately at the Distribution Center. I was assigned to the latter. The goods were packaged in large boxes and they weighed an average of at least 10 kilograms. I was in charge of sorting parcels on a conveyor belt depending on where they are going to be delivered. I did the sorting work for about 4 hours a day, starting at 7 o’clock in the morning. After the sorting was finished, the parcels were loaded onto delivery trucks. Then, the parcel delivery workers got to work delivering them to their designated areas. The part-time job helped me experience firsthand all the hard work done by their delivery workers.


Dialogue Practice 
A: Parcel deliveries in Korea are something else.
B: That’s right. Delivery speeds are off the charts.
A: It’s all thanks to the hard work of the delivery workers.
B: You’re right. 
A: I just wish that their working conditions could be improved a bit.
B: I totally agree with you.