English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Tuesday, September 28th 
Article :  Why Hiking Is Good for You


Hiking provides several benefits. Not only does it strengthen your heart, it also keeps your mind sharper, your body calmer, and your relationships happier. Evidence suggests that hiking in the mountains may provide extra benefits. Many people attribute this to certain organic compounds that trees emit. These are all set to boost people’s mood and psychological well-being. And while all types of exercise are good for people, hiking involves something many other forms of exercise don’t. Hiking on trails requires navigating an unpredictable environment: slippery dirt, overhanging branches, even wild animals crossing your path. Require adjustments to your route, which is good for your brain. Hiking in nature helps people recover from what’s known as “attention overload”. This is the mental fatigue that comes from living and working in a world where technology is a constant distraction. Studies have found that people who spend time hiking are less anxious, which should help protect against depression. In fact, hiking in nature is so good for people’s health that some doctors now prescribe it as addition to other treatments for disease. As one group of researchers puts it, the synergistic effect of physical activity and time spent in nature makes hiking an ideal activity to increase overall health and wellness. 




입이 트이는 영어
Tuesday, September 28th
Describe What It’s Like to Go Hiking with a Baby 


My husband and I have a 16 month-old baby daughter. We got a hiking baby carrier to go hiking with her. We bought it at a bargain-basement price on a used goods site. The carrier looks like a backpack, but it has safety features so that a baby can safely sit in it. The thing is, it’s quite heavy. With the baby on board, it weighs about 14 kilograms. My husband shoulders the weight as we climb. It weighs on his shoulders, and it’s hard work, but he says that hiking as a family makes him happy. As I hike, I also blow off steam from stressful child-rearing. I can feel myself getting healthier in body and spirit. The people we meet on the hiking trails compliment us, saying we're a great family. They dote on our baby, calling her the youngest trekker to scale the mountain. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Did you say you go hiking sometimes?
B: That’s right. I go every weekend without fail. 
A: Isn’t your baby still very young?
B: Yes, I carry her in a hiking baby carrier. 
A: Really? That must be back-breaking work.
B: It does tire me out a little, but climbing a mountain with my baby makes it all worthwhile.