English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Wednesday, September 29th 
Article:  Coping with Life-Threatening Illnesses


A serious health problem or debilitating injury can disrupt all aspects of your life. A diagnosis of cancer, heart disease, or other serious illness can be devastating. But thankfully there are ways to cope with the emotional distress and preserve your quality of life. Many serious health problems seem to develop unexpectedly. As such, they can upset your life out of the blue. You may feel overwhelmed by waves of difficult emotions including fear, despair, and grief. You may also feel numb by the shock or the feeling that you will never be able to cope. This emotional rollercoaster can make it difficult to function properly. Whatever your situation, you should remember that experiencing a wide range of emotions is a normal response to a life-changing situation. It doesn’t mean you are weak or that you won’t be able to meet the health and emotional challenges that lie ahead. Regardless of your diagnosis or emotional response, it’s important to know that you are not powerless. There are steps you can take to better cope with your new situation. You can ease the stress and mental anguish that often accompany serious illness. What’s more, you can find a way to navigate this challenging new journey. Whatever your situation, now is not the time to retreat into your shell.  






입이 트이는 영어
Wednesday, September 29th
Talk about Changes You Experienced after Falling Ill 


I had gone to bed six months ago when I suddenly felt severe pain in my chest. I am a doctor, so I recognized immediately that the chest pain meant I was having a heart attack. I quickly called 119. I was well aware that a delay could result in death. I was consumed with fear. Thankfully, the quick response by the medical experts meant the condition wasn’t life-threatening. A lot of things changed after that. I used to drink and smoke but I quit cold turkey. I tried to reduce my workload and to get plenty of rest and restful sleep. I also started to follow a strict diet. I frequently walked even when I was working to increase my physical activity. I also started doing home workouts regularly. It’s not easy to set aside time. But I have also picked up a hobby and begun meditating.  


Dialogue Practice
A: I had to visit the emergency room a few months ago. 
B: Really? What happened? 
A: I had unbearable pain in my chest. 
B: Oh I see. 
A: It gave me a whole new perspective on my health. 
B: It’s true. We should pay close attention to our health 24/7.