English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Monday, November 1st
Opinion : Parents’ Concerns toward Their Children


Raising children is a rewarding yet challenging pursuit. It can be made all the more challenging when children have unique needs. This is especially true when it comes to the children’s future, self-esteem, and education. Here are some common concerns parents have, and productive tips to help manage them. Even very young children fret about their future. It’s more common that most people think a little bit of concern is okay, but too much can be problematic. So, try focusing on what can be done right now. If your child is 8 years old, worrying about what will happen 10 years down the road won’t help. Focus more on the present than on the future. Children’s self-esteem is linked to how they value themselves and how capable they feel. Therefore, children with unique needs might have lower self-esteem. To boost self-esteem, be supportive, yet realistic. Keep your prays specific. Cheer on your child’s efforts in ways to support self-esteem and self evaluation. Academic success is another important area to consider. Parents often worry that their children will find school too hard, or that they will have difficulty making friends. Having a good relationship with your child’s school can help. Check in regularly about your child, and keep the lines of communication open. This gives you the chance to troubleshoot problems before they become overwhelming. 






입이 트이는 영어
Monday, November 1st
Talk about Parents’ Affection and Concern for Their Kids


Throughout my school years and until I became a member of the workforce, I received constant nagging from my parents. At that time, I felt that their advice was tiresome and behind the times. But now that I am a parent, I have come to realize that the nagging was how they expressed their concern and affection. I sometimes wonder what sort of life I would be living if I knew then what I know now. They say that the past is meaningful just as it is. But I’m still filled with regret that I didn’t listen closely to what my parents had to say when I was younger. I hope that my kids will wisely take in what adults have to say instead of brushing it aside as mere nagging. That way they might have fewer regrets in the future.


Dialogue Practice
A: My daughter doesn’t listen to a word I say these days. It’s so upsetting. 
B: Huh, My son is like that too. He’s going through puberty, so he doesn’t listen. 
A: I only get on her case because I want that best for her. 
B: That’s right. 
A: I wish she would understand where I’m coming from. 
B: We just have to reason with them and make them understand.