English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Tuesday, November 2nd
Article : Meal Kits in Korea


Korea is known for many things and convenience is always near the top of the list. The latest convenience to hit the scene is Home Meal Replacements, also known as HMRs. Home Meal Replacements are marketed as meal kits in Korea. As of July 2021, the HMR market in Korea has reached 5 trillion won which is more than double the size compared to 2018. One main reason for this explosive growth is the ongoing Coronavirus pandemic. As more people are working remotely, they have started eating all three meals at home. As a result, the amount of rice consumed from HMR products last year increased nearly 5 percent. This increase comes in spite of Korea’s steady decline of rice consumption at home over the last 5 years. In addition, reports suggest that the very concept of a home cooked meal is changing. A recent study showed that the words ‘mom’ or ‘mother’ are no longer the most linked to the idea of a home-cooked meal. Instead, young people associate home-cooked with well known food delivery apps or E-commerce platforms. Experts highlight that people who do cook at home rely on the Internet rather than homemade recipes. The detrimental effect of this isn’t acceleration in the unnecessary standardization of what people eat. Experts suggest that Korea’s youth cannot cook as well as their elders. And further, they havely prefer the convenience of HMRs over cooking something from scratch. 






입이 트이는 영어
Tuesday, November 2nd
Talk about Meal Kits


The number of people in a household is decreasing, and single person households are becoming increasingly common. Convenient meal kits emerged as the result to reduce the burden of having to cook at home. It’s a product tailormade for busy modern people. As a homemaker who must always worry about what dishes to prepare for my family each day, these meal kits are a lifesaver. I have to prep various ingredients to cook a dish, and I often have leftovers. Meal kits solve these issues in one fell swoop. Meal kits are a big timesaver when cooking, and their reasonable prices also make them appealing. For people who are always pressed for time, they are a great way to cook without all the hassle. 


Dialogue Practice
A: A new meal kit shop popped up in our neighborhood. 
B: Oh, really?
A: Yes, I can never decide what to cook. I took a look and it’s great.
B: Yes. Using a meal kit makes cooking a breeze. 
A: It’s also good that the flavor is consistent.
B: Yes, that’s a big selling point.