English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun
귀가 트이는 영어
Wednesday, November 3rd
Article : The Benefits of Recreational Forests


As cities become more prevalent and as more people seek the benefits of an active lifestyle, the demand for outdoor recreation increases. As such forests become increasingly important. They can provide an escape from the stresses of modern life by enabling a host of outdoor activities. Interestingly, recreation is said to be the most important service provided by forests outside of wood production. Forests are increasingly being recognized for providing a wide range of benefits to society. In fact, the development of forests for recreation is an important aspect of sustainable forestry. Like the many other benefits of a working forest, their cultural qualities help promote balance in nature. These designated protected areas allow access for recreation which helps to improve human welfare while conserving natural resources. There are many documented benefits of recreational forests. Studies show that direct experience with nature is vital to emotional, physical, and spiritual well-being. Interacting with nature decreases stress, clears the mind, and offers the added benefit of physical exercise. In short, people who have access to nature experience have lower mortality rates than those who do not. The conservation, management, and restoration of forests create more opportunities to enjoy the value of outdoor activities. At the same time, these efforts have the added benefit of protecting land and wildlife, and enhancing property values. 




입이 트이는 영어
Wednesday, November 3rd
Talk about Recreational Forests


We are a multi-child family. Most rooms at hotels and vacation cabins are for four people or less. So when we go on vacation, using these lodging facilities is usually too much of a burden. So when we do go on vacation, we usually visit recreational forests. Various recreational forests in the mountains and coastal areas of Korea have lodgings for 6 or 8 as well as camping grounds. There is a wide range of options. Many recreational forests have distinctive features. The lodgings at some places have an exotic atmosphere while others offer adventure playgrounds or swimming pools. You can book a visit to recreational forests online on a first-come-first-serve basis. Some places select visitors through a random draw. People seem to prefer the outdoors these days due to COVID-19, so the competition rate is rising. 


Dialogue Practice
A: I went on a trip with my kids over the long weekend. 
B: Oh, really? Where did you go?
A: We went to a recreational forest. It was a bit of a drive, but it was worth it.
B: Oh, I see. The kids must have had a blast. 
A: Yes, the place was right next to a mountain stream. It was great.
B: Can you tell me where it was? I’d like to book a visit and take my kids, too.