English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Thursday, November 4th
Article : Covid-19 and Children


Thankfully fewer children than adults have become seriously ill with COVID-19 during the pandemic. However, children can still get infected with the Coronavirus, develop COVID-19, and spread the virus to others. As such, in some countries vaccine eligibility was expanded to include school-age children over the age of 12. However, because children under 12 are still ineligible to be vaccinated, the risk of COVID-19 transmission at schools remains constant. In addition, new variants of COVID-19 and increasing vaccination rates among adults and adolescents may also impact the incidents of COVID-19 among young kids. Therefore, some health experts are strongly recommending vaccinations for those ages 12 and younger. Other recommendations include supporting in person learning and protecting vulnerable populations. The latter includes those who are not yet fully vaccinated. These recommendations are based on the importance of being physically present in school. They’re also based on creating conditions that help safeguard in-person instruction. Schools should be aware of COVID-19 transmission levels in their community and of the vaccination status of the relevant stakeholders. Staff should regularly monitor for outbreaks and changing trends in the school and surrounding community. Then, based on these observations, review their prevention strategies accordingly. 






입이 트이는 영어
Thursday, November 4th
Talk about Covid-19 Prevention Measures in Schools


It has been almost a year and a half since COVID-19 turned our lives upside down. Many people are doing their utmost to get through this difficult time. The vaccination rate in Korea is rising steadily, and people are starting to hope for a return to normalcy. In schools too, teachers and students are adjusting to this new environment in their own ways. They are trying their best to follow COVID-19 prevention guidelines. Remote learning is convenient for students, but it seems many prefer to return to school. I hope that we will soon be rid of Coronavirus concerns, so that students can go back to school in high spirits.  


Dialogue Practice
A: Are your kids going to in person classes now at school?
B: Yes, they’ve all returned to school. 
A: Thank goodness. That wasn’t possible last semester, was it?
B: That’s right. They stayed at home and had remote learning classes more often.
A: That must have been for the best in terms of safety. 
B: We’re not completely out of the woods yet, so I’m still worried about the Coronavirus.