English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun

귀가 트이는 영어
Friday, November 5th
Article : The Three Major Flower Markets in Seoul, Korea


Almost everyone loves flowers. However, many people find it difficult to justify spending money on something with such a short lifespan. Luckily, Seoul’s flower markets offer the freshest goods at a fraction of their retail price. These markets are where local florists and retailers buy their inventory, and best of all, they open to the public and can save you big bucks. Yangjae Flower Market is said to be Seoul’s largest. The market’s 400 shops generate a staggering 300,000,000 won from only their early morning auctions. Visitors can find everything their hearts desire. Examples include fresh-cut flowers, dried flowers, artificial flowers, and ready-made bouquets. And if you are looking for herbs, trees, or gardening supplies, you’ll find those too. Next up is Namdaemun Flower Market. It’s smaller and less busy than the Yangjae Market, but it still offers a diverse selection of products. You can also find accessories and supplies such as cards, ribbons, and bases. It’s perfect if you want to buy flowers at wholesale prices without purchasing in large quantities. Finally, Jongno Flower Market houses roughly 150 or so stalls. Its vendors sell flowers and trees of varying prices. In addition, they also sell gardening materials such as seeds and fertilizers. The selection here pales in comparison to Yangjae or Namdaemun, nevertheless the prices are just as low, and the vendors are often open to negotiation.  




입이 트이는 영어
Friday, November 5th
Talk about Flower Markets


My favorite spot in Namdaemun Market is the flower market. The market takes up the entire 3rd floor of a commercial building. You can have a good luck at beautiful fresh flowers in a comfy environment regardless of the weather. You can also purchase them at reasonable prices. The flowers are much fresher than the ones you can buy at florist shops, and you can pick and choose the ones that best suit your taste. There is an area that sells silk flowers and another where you can find various vases. The merchants are all friendly and generous. They recommend the prettiest flowers. I also think it’s charming how they wrap up your purchases in newspaper. On days when I buy flowers, I keep looking at them all day. It always brings a smile to my face. 


Dialogue Practice
A: My new workplace is within shouting distance of Namdaemun Market.
B: Oh, really?
A: Yes, I often go and just browse during my lunch break.
B: What do you usually look at?
A: I like the flower market the best. Just seeing the flowers lifts my mood. 
B: Just hearing that makes me want to go, too.