English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Monday, November 8th
Article : The Rise of Social Audio Platforms 


Social audio Apps are seemingly the latest technology to go viral. What started as a niche market has become more mainstream. Previously, visual media dominated the social media sphere with certain well known platforms boasting billions of users. All the while, audio was lurking in the background, waiting for it’s time to shine. The rise of audio was something unexpected to most. Many people attribute its popularity to so-called “Quarantine Boredom” during the early days of the COVID-19 pandemic. Social audio Apps intrigue users because of the unique and intimate way they connect people. This connection is a major reason why social audio Apps flourished in 2020 and continue to do so today. Many people point to ClubHouse as the catalyst of Audio Apps popularity. Since launching in March 2020, the ClubHouse App has garnered over 10 million downloads. It functions much like an audio chat room, allowing users to listen to or participate in live conversations. People use the App to connect with friends and family, share opinions with strangers, or gain insight from experts. Despite the initial excitement when ClubHouse burst onto the scene, the App has not been spared scrutiny. Some feel that its lack of oversight can contribute to the spread of fake news and hate speech. Although there’ve been a few bumps in the road, ClubHouse has given audio a new lease on life. 




입이 트이는 영어
Monday, November 8th
Talk about Social Audio Platforms


Social media up to this point involved logging into your account to post texts, images, or videos. You would then communicate by clicking ‘Like’ or leaving comments. These days, a new form of communication platform has emerged, called ‘Social Audio.’ These platforms are places where users can have live, vocal conversations. You can even set up a room to discuss whatever subject you like and participate in rooms for topics that interest you. I am new to these platforms, but I am really into them. At first, I started out wanting to study English, but later on I started joining rooms for my favorite hobbies where users read books or sing songs together. Nowadays, I can hardly put my phone down because I am so full of anticipation for whatever rooms will be open each day. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Do you make use of social audio platforms?
B: Yes, I first got into them a few months ago. 
A: What’s your take? Are they fun?
B: Sure. I’ve been using them on the daily, along with my English study group.
A: Oh, really?
B: Yes, it’s great to be able to hear each other even when we keep our distance.