English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Wednesday, November 10th
Article : Eye Infections and Prevention 


Viruses, bacteria, and fungi are everywhere, it's a fact of life. Despite people trying to minimize their contact with germs, sometimes it’s just not possible. Fortunately, when it comes to eye infections, there are certain steps that can be taken. This is especially true for viral conjunctivitis which is better known as Pink Eye. In general, eye infections happen when harmful germs come in direct or indirect contact with the eyes. Some of the most common eye infections affect the clear front surface of the eye. Others, however, disturb the thin, moist membrane that lines the outer eye and inner eyelid. Although uncomfortable and open on sitely, eye infections are treatable and avoidable. People should develop healthy habits to help them avoid the pain, irritation, and inconvenience of an eye infection. Or even worse the long-term vision damage that can accompany some eye infections. Washing your hands is one of the simplest and most effective ways to reduce the risk of developing an eye infection. This is especially true when putting in contacts, applying eye drops, or otherwise touching your eyes. To be the most effective, hand washing requires warm water, soap, and 30-60 seconds of scrubbing. However, even if your hands are clean, it’s best to refrain from touching your eyes in the first place. But like many things, this is easier said than done.




입이 트이는 영어
Wednesday, November 10th
Talk about Eye Infections


I recently caught an eye infection while I was working from home. I have no idea how I caught it. At first, I just noticed that my eyes felt itchy, but then my eyes got crusty and later on they got puffy and red. I went to see an eye doctor. The doctor said that I had broken blood vessels in my eyes and prescribed eye drops. Working from home is hard enough as it is. Having an eye infection made it even harder to stare at the monitor all day. A week later, my eyes returned to normal. They were less swollen and they weren’t bloodshot, but the very next day, the blood vessels were broken again. My eyes were even redder when I returned to the eye doctor’s office. I think I must have rubbed my eyes while putting on lotion. I kicked myself for the mistake. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Why are your eyes so bloodshot?
B: I rubbed my eyes because they felt itchy and this happened.
A: You should see an eye doctor.
B: I plan, too. I think it’s getting worse.
A: I caught an eye infection last year, and it was no joke.
B: Oh, I see.