English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Thursday, November 11th
Article : The Popularity of Body Profile Pictures in Korea


Body profile photos used to be something reserved for fitness trainers and professional athletes. Recently however, amateurs have been flocking to do practice and break neck speed. In fact, demand for body profile photos from non-professionals now surpasses that of professionals. According to experts, the ratio is 4:1 in favor of amateurs. Demand for these photos is so high that many photo studios are fully booked for months on end. This soaring popularity can be attributed to several factors. The widespread availability and popularity of personal training sessions is one primary factor. Social media is another. Before the rise of social media, profile photos were mainly for fitness trainers or private use. Today however, posting body pictures on social media sites is more common than ever. Perhaps unsurprisingly, people in their late 20s and early 30s make up the bulk of those taking body profile photos. The COVID-19 pandemic has also played a role in surging popularity of body profile photos. As people make fewer social plans, many felt this was an auspicious time to watch their weight and spend more time exercising. Also, because the pandemic forced the cancellation or postponement of many bodybuilding competitions, contestants decided to take photos so as not to let their hard work go to waste. 




입이 트이는 영어
Thursday, November 11th
Talk about Body Profile Photo Shoots


Taking body profile pictures and posting them on social media is all the rage these days. You can often see people working out with personal trainers at the gym to take the pictures. They get into shape through high intensity workouts and special diets. Then they visit a professional photo studio for a body profile photo shoot. I have a friend who gave it a go. He worked out 2-3 hours each day for three months with a personal trainer. He swore off ordinary meals and ate only chicken breast, sweet potatoes, and vegetables. He got his body fat index down into single digits. When he finally achieved a sculpted body, he took his body profile pictures. But after the photo shoot, my friend had a hard time because his appetite was out of control. He suffered the side effects of a severe short term diet.


Dialogue Practice
A: I’m so envious of people who take body profile photos and post them online.
B: I know some people who have done that, too.
A: They must have worked out so hard. 
B: It really must take a lot of work. 
A: I heard that they have to follow a whole new diet. 
B: That’s right, but sometimes there are also side effects like binge eating later on.