English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Friday, November 12th
Article : The Health Benefits of Dancing


Dancing is a part of rituals and celebrations in most, if not all cultures around the world. Naturally, the style of dance varies from culture to culture. Today however, recreation and self expression are two of the most common reasons people dance. Whatever the reason, dancing is an enjoyable way to stay active and keep fit. The physical and mental benefits of dancing are numerous. Improved muscle tone and strength is one, while stronger bones and reduced risk of bone disease is another. Dancing can also help improve one’s balance and special awareness. Combined these factors can improve self confidence and self esteem which can lead to improved social skills. Dancing can happen in groups, with a partner, or alone. You can do it at home, at social events, or at dance schools. Most fitness clubs offer dance classes in their group exercise programs. People of all ages can dance, making it a great recreational and social activity. And while you can dance outdoors, most dancing takes place inside, so the weather won’t rain on your parade. The equipment needed depends on the style of dancing being done. Tap dancing, for example, will require buying tap shoes. Similarly, ballet requires ballet slippers and ballet attire. Getting started is a cinch. Just choose a dance style you enjoy, and jump in with both feet. 




입이 트이는 영어
Friday, November 12th
Talk about Learning to Dance


Dancing is my hobby, the way I blow off steam. There are various styles of dance, but the songs and choreography of boy bands and girl groups are high on the list. Many people these days perform covers of K-Pop choreography and post videos on social media. You can enjoy music more fully by dancing compared to just listening or singing along. And copying the vigorous motions does wonders for one’s diet since it burns a lot of calories. It wasn’t easy at first, to move my body in time with fast paced music. But after sticking with my hobby for several years, I can now learn dance moves much more quickly. I could take lessons at a dance academy, but nowadays it’s not so hard to learn the choreography on my own using tutorial videos on Youtube. 


Dialogue Practice
A: I saw your dance video. It was great. 
B: Thank you. It was a cover version of a boy band’s choreography that I practiced. 
A: Did you take dance lessons?
B: I learned it myself by following along with videos online at home.
A: Really? That’s amazing.
B: I did rent out a dance studio, so I can practice in front of the mirror.