English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Monday, November 15th
Article : What Is In Vitro Fertilization?


IVF stands for In Vitro Fertilization and is a process by which a human egg is fertilized outside of the body. In the past, babies that were born using IVF were called Test-Tube Babies. But to be precise, IVF actually takes place in a petri dish. After the egg has been fertilized, the embryo is implanted back inside the body. A pregnancy requires three things for success: healthy eggs, fertile sperm, and a uterus that can carry the pregnancy for the required amount of time. However, IVF makes it possible to have a baby when one or more of these three things is lacking in the people who want to raise the child. IVF makes it possible for almost anyone to have a baby regardless of their age, health, or status. But the most common use for IVF is to address issues of infertility, especially in men. In many cases, IVF is the only way for men with the low-sperm count to father a child biologically. If not for IVF, then they’d have to consider a sperm donor or adoption. IVF can help couples conceive a child more easily and on a planned schedule. The process gives couples more control of the period of time between children. It even helps couples plan the timing of the pregnancy and birth. All and all, many people around the world have babies through IVF procedures. 




입이 트이는 영어
Monday, November 15th
Talk about subfertility and In Vitro Fertilization


When I was younger, I thought that anyone could have kids whenever they wanted after getting married. When I was 32, I met the love of my life, and we got married. But try as we might, we couldn’t become pregnant. Everyone we knew was very worried about us. After putting it off for a long time, we went to a subfertility clinic and decided to undergo a procedure. It was a long and difficult process to shoulder alone. But I immediately became pregnant after the first procedure. It was amazing how I could carry on a new life thanks to medical technology. I felt very grateful. Many couples in modern society have difficulty conceiving because of stress and hormonal imbalances. I hope that those people will overcome their fear of In Vitro Fertilization and greet their own bundles of joy.


Dialogue Practice
A: Congratulations on your pregnancy!
B: Thank you.
A: How far along are you?
B: I am 20 weeks in. 
A: Did you say you became pregnant through IVF?
B: Yes. We had a rough time for a while because we had difficulty conceiving.