English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Tuesday, November 16th
Article : Why Regular Visits to the Dentist Are Important


Visiting a dentist regularly is an important part of maintaining healthy teeth and gums. Regular trips to the dentist can nip problems like cavities in the bud. In fact, preventative care is one of the main reasons people visit the dentist regularly. Frequent check-ups and cleanings help avoid cavities and other problems. Keep in mind that an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. Frequent trips to the dentist for teeth cleanings are cheaper than filling cavities. What’s more, teeth cleanings are less stressful and painful than filling cavities. And there are other benefits as well. Regular professional teeth cleanings help control bacteria in the mouth that cause bad breath. Of course, brushing your teeth at home or flossing regularly is also important. But a professional dental cleaning every 6 months is if you will pardon the expression ‘The Icing on the Cake’. Another benefit of dental visits is plaque and tartar control. Dental plaque is a clear sticky layer of bacterial colonies. If it’s not removed, it becomes hard and turns into tartar. Tartar is impervious to brushing or flossing and must be removed by a dentist. What’s more, excessive tartar build-up can make people more susceptible to several other complications.  






입이 트이는 영어
Tuesday, November 16th
Talk about Tartar Management


Do your gums swell up or bleed? If so, it might be because of tartar. Tartar is a build-up of dental plaque on the surface of your teeth that is hardened. Plaque if it is left unattended instead of brushed away begins calcification after about 24 hours. To get rid of plaque, it’s important to brush your teeth thoroughly including all the nooks and crannies. It also helps to use additional oral hygiene products like dental floss or an interdental brush. You should also visit a dentist office for regular check-ups where you can undergo dental scaling. You can have it done for next nothing once a year through the National Health Insurance. If you haven't already, I highly recommend getting your teeth scaled. 


Dialogue Practice
A: My gums bleed whenever I brush my teeth these days. 
B: It might be because of a build-up of tartar. 
A: Really?
B: Yes. When was the last time you went to the dentist to get your teeth scaled?
A: It has been a while. 
B: You should definitely go. I got better immediately after a dental scaling.