English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Wednesday, November 17th
Opinion : How Home Decoration Improves Our Lives


When it comes to fashion, people often say “You are what you wear.” The same may also be true about how you decorate your home. Your home decor is often a reflection of your personality. Extroverted people might have a game room and a home bar. On the other hand, introverts might have shelves of books and a cozy reading nook. The way you decorate your home offers you the ability to create a space where you’ll enjoy spending your time. How your home is decorated also impacts your health, your mood and more. By choosing style elements that you like, your home decor can lift your mood when you are down. It can also help you feel productive and confident. The time you spend to choose your home interior decor is an investment. Of course, it will help your place look nice, but there’s more to it than that. Having a home that is styled in a way that reflects your tastes will create an atmosphere that enhances your well-being. If you don’t love your current home decor, that doesn’t mean you have to move. Splash some new paint on the walls, plaster up some new wallpaper, throw a couple of new cushions on your couch. Everything you select to style your home is an opportunity to create a space that reflects and supports your personality.




입이 트이는 영어
Wednesday, November 17th
Talk about Recent Trends in Decorating Rooms 


People are very interested in decorating their rooms these days. Because of COVID-19 and its resulting social distancing measures, people are spending a lot of time at home. This is probably why people are so interested in interior design. People are pulling the plug on proper vacation plans like travelling overseas. They are spending their vacations at home instead, but even if you do have to stay at home for vacation, you can get a taste of travelling somewhere by changing up the decorations in your room. When you decorate your room, you should start by nailing down what kind of atmosphere you want. Bedding and curtains are good items to replace for a dramatic change in the ambiance. After that, you can set the mood with lighting fixtures. Simply changing the lighting makes you feel like you’re in a whole new location. Finally, filling your room with your favorite soothing aroma is the perfect way to shake up the atmosphere.


Dialogue Practice
A: Wow! The ambiance in your house has changed a lot.
B: Yes, and all I did was to buy some potted plants and lighting fixtures. 
A: I can hardly recognize the place.
B: The lighting doesn’t cost much. You should give it a try.
A: Did you buy it online?
B: Yes. I’ll send you the link.