English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Thursday, November 18th
Article : The Joy of Travelling


On the surface travelling seems disruptive. It interrupts one’s family and work obligations. It also drains one’s finances. However, travelling offers people a significant return on these investments. First, there’s the satisfying feeling of being connected to other people and to the world. Then, there’s the improved cultural understanding and higher stress threshold. Seeing amazing architecture, admiring centuries’ old art, and tasting new food can be addictive in the best sense of the word. The length of your journey measured in both time and distance is irrelevant. What matters is that your trip makes you feel alive, feels with joy, and provides a lifetime of memories. Traveling requires making a multitude of decisions. This is especially true given the COVID-19 pandemic. But the more you do it, the easier it becomes, and soon making these complex decisions will become second nature. What’s more, you’ll be able to apply this decision making process to other areas of your life. Also, travelling with a partner can help strengthen your relationship. When you travel with a partner, you get to know that person on a deeper level. Your true self shines through as does your partner’s. The key to the success of travelling with a partner is compromise. This can open your eyes to another side of travel that you may not have experienced on your own.




입이 트이는 영어
Thursday, November 18th
Talk about Travelling in South America


For four months from October 2017 to February 2018, I backpacked through 9 South American countries with my husband. Most South American countries are located along the Andes, so they’re at a high altitude. We chose Mexico as our first travel destination because it is relatively low and moved onto countries at higher and higher elevations. We had the hardest time in Peru. We stayed in a city called Cusco for a week as a basecamp to visit Machu Picchu. We had headaches every morning and suffered from nausea. It was hard to even breathe at Peru’s Vinicunca because there was so little oxygen at 5,000 meters above sea level. Tracking there was a punishing task, but reaching the top was really memorable. Before traveling in South America, we got our shots and prescriptions for medicine to treat altitude sickness. We bought coca leaves and brewed tea with it while we were there, as this is a local folk remedy. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Have you ever been to South America?
B: Not yet. It’s definitely on my list.
A: I’ve heard most countries in South America are at a high elevation. 
B: I’ve heard that, too. 
A: First timers often suffer from altitude sickness. 
B: Yes, so they usually bring prescription medication.