English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Friday, November 19th
Article : Why Children Should Play Outside


Some reports suggest that children spend up to 7 hours per day looking at electronic screens. If these statistics are true, then it’s clear that today’s youngsters are becoming less active. They’re playing outdoors less, which can have severe consequences on their health and overall well-being. Likely most parents don’t need to read a statistical report to know their kids are spending less time outside. The decline in kids’ outdoor activity has also been highlighted by several influential people and media outlets. For example, former First Lady, Michelle Obama started her “Let’s Move” campaign to address this very issue. While most parents recognize their kids aren’t getting enough physical activity, some aren’t sure why it’s so crucial. Most parents agree they want their kids to be physically healthy, well rounded, and compassionate individuals. And that’s exactly why outdoor play is so important. When children spend more time outdoors, their physical well-being and emotional health improve. The type of outdoor activity is neither here nor there. What matters most is that they do something outside. A trip to a park or a hike through the woods, both offer the same benefits. There’s no denying the benefits of stepping away from screens and stepping into the sunshine. 






입이 트이는 영어
Friday, November 19th
Talk about the Games Children Play on the Street


For kids these days, playing is all about using their hands and staring at a screen as they play video games. But back in the day, what did kids do for fun? They played games on the street like tag, hide and seek, hopscotch, and marbles. Playing on the street is a good workout since kids can work up a sweat as they run around. It also helps them improve their social skills since they interact with their friends. Some studies indicate that playing on the street can even improve scholastic ability and concentration skills. An advantage of video games that are so common these days is that you can play them anytime, anywhere. Plus, there’s the sense of accomplishment you get when you level up. But video games are a very habit for me and they’re harmful to your eyesight and posture.


Dialogue Practice
A: Kids are stuck at home a lot because of COVID-19. 
B: Yes, it seems that way. 
A: I feel bad that they just play video games at home every day. 
B: It’s the same with my kids. 
A: I wish they could just go outside and play to their heart's content. 
B: Yeah, I want them to interact with other kids in the playground.