English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Monday, November 22nd
Article : The Benefits Kids Get from Playing Board Games


Board games offer children advantages beyond just fun and entertainment. From a learning standpoint, simple games help young children identify colors and numbers while developing hand-eye coordination. For older kids and teens, board games are a good way to encourage healthy brain development. Strategy games help develop the part of the brain, responsible for planning, organizing, and decision making. When played without interruptions, board games can help build a child’s attention span. However, it’s important that the game be played without everyone checking their phones. Completing a board game uninterrupted will help reverse declining attention spans caused by digital distractions. They strike a balance between digital and real life connections. Board games can also teach kids lessons about life. Your circumstances can change in an instant for better or for worse. In addition, board games encourage kids to work together and to look past people’s differences. This is a skill that will be helpful throughout their entire life. Finally, board games help kids learn how to navigate friendships more easily. The structure of board games provides a way to build interpersonal relationships. For shy kids who struggle to talk to people they don’t know, board games promote structured opportunities for chatter. They also teach kids one of the most important life lessons: how to be gracious in the face of defeat. 




입이 트이는 영어
Monday, November 22nd
Talk about the Traditional Korean Yut Game


Yut Nori(윷놀이) or the Yut Game is a traditional folt game of Korea that uses four wooden sticks called Yut. The Yut acts as dice. Two teams take it in turns to throw the Yut and move their four pieces on the board according to the result. The first team that sends all four pieces through the finish line is the victor. Players can take out the opposing team’s pieces or move several pieces at once in the Yut Game. By marking a stick as a back-do on the back side. A piece can move back a space when only that stick has turned over. These rules make it impossible to predict the end result. So, you have to stay on your toes until the very end. For his kindergarten vacation, I went with my son to buy a Yut Game set at a stationary store. I explained in detail the rules of the game and played with my son for the first time. It was a bundle of laughs. When he won, he was so happy that he jumped around and he choked back tears when he lost. It felt like seeing myself when I was a little boy. 


Dialogue Practice
A: I played the Yut Game with my daughter and she had a blast. 
B: Oh, really?
A: She keeps pleading with me to play it again. 
B: She must be really taken with it. 
A: I thought it was a meaningful activity to play a traditional game with my child. 
B: I’m sure she’ll remember it fondly.