English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Tuesday, November 23rd
Article : What Is Veganism


The popularity of veganism has increased significantly in recent years. One reason for this change has been the increasing number of celebrities who have gone vegan. In response, more vegan products have sprung up in stores. However, many people remain uncertain about what can and can’t be eaten on a vegan diet. The term ‘vegan’ is said to have been coined in 1944. In that year, a small group of vegetarians in England started their own movement. Members of this new group chose not to eat dairy, eggs, or any other animal based products. The term ‘vegan’ was chosen by combining the first and last letters of the word ‘vegetarian’. Today, veganism is a way of life that excludes all forms of animal exploitation. Vegans believe all living creatures have the right to life. As such, they oppose consuming animal flesh like vegetarians do, but they also oppose wearing animal skins as clothing. Vegans also take issue with the stresses animals endure during modern farming practices. Beyond the moral objections, some people choose veganism for health reasons. Plant based diets have been shown to reduce the risk of certain diseases like diabetes or cancer. Reduced consumption of animal products may also reduce the risk of Alzheimer’s disease or heart disease. People also choose veganism because of the environmental impact of animal farming. 




입이 트이는 영어
Tuesday, November 23rd
Talk about Veganism


Vegans strictly adhere to vegetarianism abstaining from all animal based foods including eggs and milk. I first became interested in veganism after watching a documentary about the dangers of factory farming. Seeing that film opened my eyes to the harmful effects of animal based foods. It was rough going at first without a lot of vegan foods to eat in Korea. But recently, lots of foods and products tailor to vegans have been popping up. It’s still a bit tricky when I eat out. But I love that there are so many vegan dishes to enjoy compared to before. If more people practice veganism, it’s not just good for their health. It will also reduce our carbon dioxide output which helps the environment. I would recommend going vegan for just one meal every day.  


Dialogue Practice
A: I’m having a go at vegetarianism these days. 
B: Really? Have you gone the whole hog and become a vegan?
A: No, not that far. 
B: Oh, so you still eat things like eggs or cheese.
A: Yeah, I’m trying out an intermittent vegetarian diet. 
B: I’ve often heard that vegetarianism does wonders for both your health and the environment.