English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Wednesday, November 24th
Article : Kindergartens for the Elderly


In many countries, senior citizens have become increasingly isolated from their families and from society in general. They have been housed in nursing homes or relegated to living alone in their own homes. The concepts of grandmother, grandfather and family consisting of several generations have been gradually disappearing from everyday life. In response, the concept of kindergarten for the elderly has emerged. A kindergarten for the elderly is a commercial or government institution that provides social, medical, and leisure services for the elderly. These services include medical care, leisure programs, and psychological and social support. The advantages of kindergartens for the elderly include care and supervision while their family members are at work. They also provide comprehensive leisure services. In essence, kindergartens for the elderly have the same advantages as traditional kindergartens for kids. They offer a great opportunity to organize professional care for seniors during the working day, combined with rehabilitation programs. They also help to provide a sense of purpose in the lives of seniors. Another significant benefit of this model is the constant communication seniors get with both friends and family. The sense of isolation many elderly people feel is greatly reduced. In turn, this plays an important role in maintaining psychological stability for seniors. 




입이 트이는 영어
Wednesday, November 24th
Talk about So Called Kindergartens for Seniors Citizens


Every morning, my grandmother is busy getting ready for senior citizens’ kindergarten. All her life, she worked on a farm and looked after her kids. She finally discovered happiness after finding out about kindergartens for the elderly. When she gets back home, she has lots of fun stories about what happened that day. Kindergartens for senior citizens is a term referring to senior daycare centers. They are facilities where the elderly can socialize with each other, have fun, and eat together just like going to kindergarten. They’re especially widely used among senior citizens who have mild cases of dementia, or have mobility issues. There is a physical therapist in residence and participants can freely choose when to come and go. The facilities receive government funding, so it’s easy on the wallet, too. Above all, the biggest merit is that the facilities provide care to elderly people who truly need it. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Kindergartens for the elderly are a thing these days. 
B: Really?
A: Yes. Their facilities that senior citizens use everyday like a kindergarten.
B: I suppose they can go and mingle with other people in their age group.
A: That’s right. It doesn’t cost much either, thanks to government funding.
B: That sounds great.