English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Thursday, November 25th
Article : The Importance of Protecting Intellectual Property


Intellectual Property consists of several different areas, and it sometimes refers to simply as IP. When an intellectual property is used without its permission, the right holder can suffer. While the internet has been a boon to most businesses. It has also increased incidences of intellectual property theft. IP theft can happen to companies of all sizes and locations. As such, awareness and prevention of IP theft is more important than ever. At first, protecting a company’s IP may seem daunting or time consuming. However in reality, the task is farless difficult than most people think. What’s more, the benefits greatly justified the time and efforts spent in doing so. Unique ideas for products or services will always be at risk of being duplicated for the success of others. Patents, trademarks, or copyrights can all help protect your IP in these cases. They’ll prevent your competitors from using your ideas for their own profit without your consent. The same concepts apply to all businesses large or small. However, protecting IP is especially important for small businesses. If not, market share can be lost which can result in slow growth or loss of a venue. Losing market share in the early days of businesses’ development can be devastating. It’s important to remember that ensuring your IP has not been infringed is your responsibility. No one else will do it for you.








입이 트이는 영어
Thursday, November 25th
Talk about Intellectual Property 


Intellectual Property refers to knowledge, information, or technology that was created or discovered through people’s creative pursuits or experiences. It means that property value can be realized from intangible assets. Intellectual property is at the core of the ongoing battle for technological superiority between the U.S. and China. Patent issues have also influenced global distribution of COVID-19 vaccines. Intellectual property is reaching beyond the academy and industry. Making a self felt even on national security and healthcare. Recently, creative works by AI have been on the rise. The question of who has ownership of AI creations is an emerging issue. Successful technological innovation using cutting edge technology will require improvements in intellectual property laws and institutions. 




Dialogue Practice
A: Intellectual Property is taking on greater importance in today’s society. 
B: That’s right. 
A: Copyrights, patents and trademarks all need to be closely guarded. 
B: It’s necessary to ensure that future growth industries can grow properly.
A: I’m with you on that. 
B: I think that the relative laws and institutions will have to be improved.