English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Friday, November 26th
Article : The Changes in Family Culture in the U.S.


Every society and culture has its own concept of family. For most, marriage is one of the cornerstones of that concept. However in many parts of the world, the concept of the family is changing. One recent trend that illustrates this change is the shift from nuclear families to single parent families. A nuclear family comprises two parents and the children of those parents. For many years, it was the prevailing family norm in many western nations, however, this is no longer the case. Economic changes have made it nearly impossible to support a nuclear family on a single wage. As such, people are delaying marriage to spend more time in school, so as to increase their earning potential. In particular, increased levels of education among women have enabled them to survive economically without the support of a spouse. Statistics show that 40% of births to unmarried women in the U.S. are intentional. Further, despite a prominent gap in pay between men and women, these mothers are able to survive as single mothers. Another significant change is the increasing number of married couples who choose not to have children. Technological and social advances have made this a viable option for more and more couples. However in the past, choosing to be childfree was both difficult and undesirable in many cultures. 






입이 트이는 영어
Friday, November 26th
Talk about the Degrees of Kinship in Korean Culture


Korean people place a strong emphasis on relationships. This is sent to be a characteristic of an agrarian society, different from a nomadic society. As a result, titles for family members and relatives in Korea are very diverse. In addition, there is a concept of ‘chon’ or degrees of kinship. It’s a concept used to show emotional or psychological distance within family ties. The relationship between spouses is considered ‘no-chon’ . There is ‘1-chon’ between parents and their kids, and ‘2-chon’ between brothers and sisters. Of course, there are ways to address spouses or siblings, so ‘chon’ isn’t often used in these cases. My children call my siblings ‘sam-chon’ which means ‘3-chon’. The children of siblings call each other ‘sa-chon’ or ‘4-chon’. This culture center around relationships influences all aspects of Korea. In this way, it is similar to ‘Jeong’, a sense of attachment. 


Dialogue Practice
A: There are many terms in Korea to call your relatives.
B: That’s right.
A: Sometimes I get mixed up and don’t know what to call distant relatives. 
B: Sure. That happens. 
A: Having so many titles seems to be a distinct characteristic of our culture. 
B: That’s right. It stems from the way our culture is centered around relationships.