English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Monday, November 29th
Opinion : Ways to Help Your Child Succeed in Elementary School


Success in elementary school requires various skills. Among these, organization is at the top of the list. Organized kids save time by not having to hunt things down and getting side tracked in the process. Parents should make sure that their children have an assignment book and homework folder. What’s more, parents should check these two items regularly. Homework is another important consideration. It helps students develop a deep sense of responsibility, and a strong work ethic. Parents should create an effective study environment for children to do their homework in. Any well lit comfortable and quiet space with the necessary supplies will do. Avoid distractions like a TV and the background, and set specific start and end times. Study skills are also important. Introducing children to these skills now will pay dividends with good study habits later in life. Know when your kid’s tests are scheduled. This will allow you to help your child study ahead of time rather than cramming the night before. You should also remind your child to bring the right study materials home. Young children need to learn how to dissect overall tasks into smaller manageable chunks. This way, preparing for a test isn’t too overwhelming. Parents can also introduce their children to tricks like mnemonic devices to help with recalling information. Remember to make kids take a break after 45 minutes of studying. This is important to help them process and remember information.




입이 트이는 영어
Monday, November 29th
Talk about Elementary School Students


Grade school students who are averse to going to school seem to miss the classroom after receiving remote learning classes for so long. They talk about how meeting their friends at school and playing together during their lunch break really meant a lot to them. The children all look different on screen during video conferencing classes at home. Some have switched off their camera, some have a mic there won’t work, and others freely eat snacks during class. Some of the most well-behaved children even ask permission in the chat screen to use the restroom. 6th graders came to school only on Thursdays and Fridays last semester. This semester, they have in person classes more often. We are having more fun in school with the kids these days. 


Dialogue Practice
A: There are a lot more in person classes this semester, right?
B: Yes. It varies by region, but there are more classes than they were last semester. 
A: I felt bad for the kids, having to attend classes from home for so long.
B: That’s right. 
A: My kids are over the moon to get back to school and see their friends more often. 
B: It’s the same with my kids, too.