English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Tuesday, November 30th
Opinion : Study Tips for Standardized English Tests


There are three stages to ensuring success on standardized English tests. First, you need to acquire the vocabulary, grammar, and structures of English. As you go along, you need to actually use English which is also one of the best ways to learn the language. Finally, there is the test itself which requires a special set of skills. Success on a multiple choice standardized English test differs greatly from being able to communicate well in English. Nevertheless, standardized tests like TOEFL or TOEIC are used to confirm someone’s level of English proficiency. So, here are some tips to prepare for reading and listening comprehension tests. First, make a list of key vocabulary items and then learn the words one by one. A wide vocabulary is one of the most important aspects to acquiring a language. This will help you both understand the questions you are asked and pick the right answers. So, find the vocabulary items frequently used in TOEFL or TOEIC and make sure you are familiar with them. The next tip is to immerse yourself in the language. This includes reading extensively, but also watching TV and listening to English language music. These are fun and easy ways to expand your understanding of the English language. With this increased understanding, your test score should improve.  






입이 트이는 영어
Tuesday, November 30th
Describe Your Experience of Taking the TOEIC Exam


I am in my 60s. I have struggled with English for over 50 years, but I am still at a 7th grade level. I don’t know if it’s because I’m not too bright or if I’m going about it all wrong. Either way, English remains a major hurdle for me. Recently, the term ‘Bucket List’ crossed my mind even though I hadn’t given it much thought before. I decided to add taking the TOEIC test to my bucket list. I planned to take the test once a month for three months. I set a target for my test score. Until now, I only studied English for fun, but now that I have a concrete goal. It does weigh on me a bit. Still, I think it’s a meaningful pursuit. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Studying English everyday has become a habit. 
B: Me too. I feel like something is off if I miss a day.
A: I feel the same way. 
B: I like being able to communicate with people on social media and in group chat rooms. 
A: That’s right. 
B: If I start to slack off, it really motivates me when they give me encouragement.