English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Wednesday, December 1st
Article : How the Pandemic Saved the QR Code from Extinction


As the old saying goes, every cloud has a silver lining. And from a marketing perspective, the silver lining to the COVID-19 pandemic was the resurgens of the QR code. When it first burst onto the scene, the QR code was all the rage. However, its popularity began to wither in the early part of the 21st century. Ultimately, the pandemic saved it from extinction. The QR code is said to have been developed by a Japanese company in the 1990s. Its original purpose was to track vehicles through the manufacturing process. Initially, the QR code required a special reader. However, with the advent of smart phone apps, QR codes could be scanned from phones. This small change had a huge impact on their popularity. QR codes make sending users to specialized online resources a snap. As such, marketers latched onto QR codes as a way to increase traffic to their client’s website. Also, trade show organizers embraced the technology. They saw it as a way to distribute product brochures and user manuals without spending large sums of money on printing. Recently, the COVID-19 pandemic gave the QR code a new lease on life. Restaurants used them in lue of menus. Businesses posted QR codes to advise of COVID-19 protocols. It's no exaggeration to say that QR codes have made a comeback since early 2020.




입이 트이는 영어
Wednesday, December 1st
Talk about QR Codes Used To Certify COVID-19 Vaccinations


These days, there’s an ID check wherever you enter a public space like a restaurant, cafe, bar, or gym. You can write down your personal information on a visitor’s list. But writing your  personal information on a public list could make you nervous. That’s why people often go for QR check-ins or check-in by phone instead. People who have been vaccinated against COVID-19 can also use QR codes to verify their vaccination info. By scanning your QR code, you can check when you were vaccinated, whether you’ve been partially or fully vaccinated, and whether two weeks have passed since your second dose. It’s been almost two years already since COVID-19 became a part of daily life. People are gradually finding ways to live with COVID-19. I hope that COVID-19 treatment drugs will become widely available soon, so that treatment can become more convenient. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Are you fully vaccinated against COVID-19?
B: Yes. I got my second dose back in October.
A: I got mine last month. 
B: But I hear that there are a lot of breakthrough infections these days. 
A: Yeah, that does worry me a bit.
B: I guess we’ll just have to keep wearing our masks and taking precautions.