English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Thursday, December 2nd
Article : What Is the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator


The Myers-Briggs Personality Type Indicator purports to identify a person’s personality type, strength, and preferences. It was developed by Isabelle Myers and her mother, Catherine Briggs based on their work on personality types. Today, the MBTI is said to be one of the world’s most widely used psychological tests. The test’s creators were fascinated by the theory of psychological types. They recognized that the theory could have real world applications. In the 1940s, they began developing a test that could help identify individual differences. They believed they could help people select occupations that were best suited to their personality types, in turn, this will help them lead healthier, happier lives. The first version of the test was that minister to the creators’ friends and family. The creators continued to tweak the test over the next two decades. Eventually, the test was honed to the point where it could distinguish between 16 different personality types. The goal of the test is to allow respondents to explore and understand their own personalities. More specifically, test takers learn about their likes, dislikes, strengths, weaknesses, career preferences, and compatibility with others. No single personality type is best or better than another. The test does not measure dysfunction or abnormality, instead, it simply helps people learn more about themselves. 




입이 트이는 영어
Thursday, December 2nd
Talk about MBTI Personality Type Tests


MBTI Personality Type Tests are all the rage these days. You can get immediate results by filling out a questionnaire on your phone, so anyone can easily take the test. That’s why people ask about each other’s MBTI type when they meet friends. Many people include their MBTI type on their social media profiles. The MBTI test uses 4 categories to divide people into 16 personality types. The four categories differentiate between introversion and extroversion, sensing and intuition, thinking and feeling, and between judging and perceiving. Because these types of personality tests are so popular, many companies incorporate them into their marketing. For example, businesses often market their products using fashion, makeup, or food preferences based on MBTI types. However, certain side effects can occur when people live or die by these personality tests, or apply them excessively. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Have you ever taken an MBTI personality test?
B: Sure. My result was type ESTJ. 
A: Really? You must be very responsible, and plan in advance for everything.
B: That’s right. I also have a tendency to be a bit of a perfectionist. 
A: You don’t mean swords when you talk, do you?
B: That’s right. I think that’s a pretty accurate description of my personality.