English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Friday, December 3rd
Article : How to Build a Great Marriage


In many countries around the world, fewer and fewer people are getting married. What’s more, the number of married couples that get divorced is increasing. As such, it’s important to keep some basic relationship tips in mind. With any luck, these helpful reminders will help put a troubled marriage back on track. First, think before you speak. Couples can easily develop so-called hot-button issues. These are small things that crop up often and can cause frequent arguments. To stave off these kinds of altercations, wait before you respond to something that has upset you. It’s better to discuss difficult issues once you’ve waned in your emotions. Second, treat your spouse better than you treat others. Sadly, people often treat strangers more politely than their loved ones. Along the same lines, encourage your spouse’s dreams and goals. In successful marriages, when one spouse succeeds, the other is happy. Not only that, happy couples support each other to help achieve this success. Finally, find things you enjoy doing together. Marriage is a partnership and while it might be true that opposites attract, if couples share nothing in common, they may grow apart. Find shared interests and pursuits. Also, it’s important to realize that these activities may change over time.






입이 트이는 영어
Friday, December 3rd
Talk about the Family You Love 


My husband and I tied the knot in November 2011. We’ve been married for 10 years. During that time, we became the parents of three children. We rarely get to enjoy any time for the two of us because we are always so busy raising the kids. But I still see my husband with rose-colored glasses. I see him everyday but he is still as lovable as ever. Even after coming home from a long day of work, he always pitches in to look after the kids and do household chores. I feel grateful for that. To reaffirm their love for each other, spouses sometimes ask “Would you marry me again if you were to be reborn?”  My answer is “If I were reborn 100 times, I would marry you each and every time.” I will do my best to make sure that my husband will feel the same way. 


Dialogue Practice
A: How do you get along so well with your husband?
B: Oh, does it appear that way?
A: Yes, you two are like a newlywed couple.
B: Really? It’s actually been 10 years since we got married.
A: I bet you almost never have fights with each other. 
B: We tried to make concessions and look out for each other. So, we don’t fight a lot.