English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Monday, December 6th
Article : The Benefits of Meditation


For the uninitiated, meditation may seem a little peculiar. People sit down with their eyes closed, they try to direct their attention at something and dismiss whatever thoughts enter their mind. And they do this everyday, sometimes for hours on end. Is there something to be gained by this? If so, what? People meditate when they encounter difficulty in their life. In other words, they do it when their happiness is under pressure. Many people think that suffering and happiness are a part of life. To them, the high points of life are only enjoyable if they are contrasted with the low points. Meditation seeks to change this view. Meditating requires effort and discipline. In fact, it can be boring or even irritating at first. For some, it’s physically uncomfortable because of the prolonged time sitting. People who began their journey thinking that meditation will be relaxing are often disappointed. But for those who stick with it, meditation offers a great deal. On top of all that, meditation is big business. Many people and many corporations are making a lot of money from it. Therefore, many people have a healthy suspicion toward the practice. But at the end of the day, meditation is just meant to help people reduce everyday stress, sleep better, and above all, relax more. 






입이 트이는 영어
Monday, December 6th
Talk about Finding Emotional Stability 


Spending a lot of time at home because of the coronavirus and raising two kids exhausted me both physically and mentally. I often felt blue and longed to escape reality. I started to look for ways to find some peace of mind. I’d like to share some tips I discovered. First up is meditation. I count myself by clearing my mind and breathing slowly. Turning on sounds of flowing water or quiet music also helps to wind down. Second is writing a gratitude diary. Everyday, before I go to bed or right after I get up, I think about what I am grateful for. You can write it down in a notebook or record a voice memo. Feeling grateful helped me shake off depression and get the day started with lots of energy. Third is getting counseling. Saying what’s on my mind and searching for a solution with an expert was invaluable. It helped me resolve hard feelings that I wasn’t aware of and allowed me to deal with stress more flexibly.  


Dialogue Practice
A: I’m feeling worn out for various reasons these days. 
B: I think everyone feels that way lately. That’s why I meditate every morning.
A: Really? Does that do any good?
B: Yes. I turn on soothing music and keep my eyes closed. 
A: What do you think about when you meditate?
B: Nothing at all. The whole point is to clear your mind.