English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Tuesday, December 7th
Article : Why K-Pop Got So Popular


In 2012, the song ‘Gangnam Style’ brought K-Pop to new audiences. Nearly 10 years later, the genre has evolved to be much more than a one trick pony. There are several significant factors that account for the success of K-Pop. These include its training system, diversity, and choreography. K-pop artists are often groomed by managers or agents for years before they hit the main stage. This intensive training helps aspiring K-Pop stars become seasoned performers by the time they debut. What’s more, this training focuses on more than just singing and dancing. K-Pop artists almost always act as well as sing. In many cases, K-Pop stars become legitimate actors with immense talent. It’s a far crier from the singing and acting acts in North America and Europe. K-Pop stars often take major roles in many different TV shows and movies. Of course, these acting gigs are all in addition to their regular musical career. Choreography is another area where K-Pop artists shine. K-Pop dance routines are often so complicated that they require true professional dancers. Performing these routines requires immense levels of dedication, perseverance, and skill. This is especially true when these routines are performed live without the aid of special video effects or editing trickery. 






입이 트이는 영어
Tuesday, December 7th
Talk about Boy Bands and Girl Groups


I grew up watching first generation boy bands like H.O.T. and SechsKies decades ago. Now, my 13-year-old daughter is deeply infatuated with boy bands. To be honest, I don’t approve of her reading news articles and watching videos every chance she gets. But I can understand where she is coming from and I thought it would be a good conversation topic. So, I decided to find out about the boy bands she is into. I learnt the members of BTS, matching their names to their faces. I also listened to their songs on repeat. But now, my daughter says she prefers other groups. She followed Tomorrow by Together and Wanna One before, but now she said she likes Seventeen. Her interests turn on a dime, so it’s hard to keep up. I think I will have to remain a BTS fan. I hope my daughter will recognize her mom’s efforts. I’m also grateful to her for tuning me into some great music.


Dialogue Practice
A: My daughter’s room is plastered with posters of boy bands.
B: It’s the same with my daughter’s room, too.
A: I suppose they are at that age. 
B: Think about it. Weren’t we just the same at that age. 
A: I suppose we were.
B: I think it’s best to respect their tastes and take an interest as parents.