English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Wednesday, December 8th
Opinion : Why People Want to Have Children


When it comes time to have children, different people have different reasons for doing so. For some, it’s the desire to build a family. For others, it’s a matter of giving and receiving unconditional love. Often, children are seen as a way to bring meaning to life. There are also more pragmatic reasons like wanting to continue a family name. People who were raised in a happy home often want to recreate that life with their spouse. They want to create a family that is full of joy. These people place a high priority on creating a family of their own like their parents before them. The unconditional love between parent and child is also a motivator for some. While it may seem obvious, having children completely changes one’s life. After having children, people become more responsible. The choices they make are no longer for themselves. Instead, they must consider the health and well-being of their child, and because of that, their existence takes on a whole new meaning. Finally, some people see children as a way to carry on the family name. While not always the case, this often applies to the father’s family name. Nevertheless, the point is that many prospective parents seek to continue their family lineage. These people find joy in knowing that their child will bear their last name and perpetuate the family name. 




입이 트이는 영어
Wednesday, December 8th
Talk about Your Children


I have three sons. I surprised people twice whenever I introduced myself. First, because I have three kids, and again because they are all boys. In fact, I wanted to have three children even when I was just married. Of course, I wanted two girls and a boy. When I was pregnant with my third, I badly wanted it to be a girl. But, I soon found out it was another boy. But once my third son came into this world, I realized again what it means to love someone with all your heart. It goes without saying that I love my first and second children, too. But when I was raising them, I hadn’t got in the hang of being a parent. I was always tuckered out, and it was hard work to give them all my love. Unlike his brothers, our third son knows how to turn on the charm. He empathizes with me. Thanks to this adorable little boy, every day is joyful and filled with laughter.  


Dialogue Practice
A: If you don’t mind me asking, do you have any kids?
B: I have one boy and one girl.
A: What grade are they in?
B: My son is still in kindergarten and my daughter is in the second grade. 
A: They must be 3 years apart. Was that through family planning?
B: That’s right, but they are at each other’s throats all day. They are a handful.