English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Thursday, December 9th
Article : Are People Too Dependent on Smartphones?


Smartphones came into the mainstream just over a decade ago. Since then, no other device has changed the lives of people in so many different ways. Communication, entertainment, and content sharing will all evolutionize by smartphones. However, the news is not all good. Some people worry about the dangers of an overdependence on smartphones. Teenagers and college students are thought to be particularly at risk of overreliance. From morning to night, nearly every waking minute involves a smartphone. This is largely due to the convergence of so many different functions in a single device. And on top of all that, they are portable and feature ubiquitous connectivity. The exponential growth of smartphone usage is often seen as a double-edged sword. On the one hand, smartphones are an indispensable tool to organize daily routines, maintain connections and stay entertained. However, this versatility also raises concerns about the negative consequences of excessive smartphone use. The so-called dark side of smartphones includes phantom vibration syndrome in which people perceive a silent phone to be vibrating. Likewise, no mobile phone phobia and fear of missing out can cause emotional distress. In addition, well known bodily conditions such as forward neck syndrome are other unhealthy outcomes are the excessive smartphone usage. 




입이 트이는 영어
Thursday, December 9th
Talk about the Anxiety People Feel When They Don’t Have Their Mobile Phones


Nomophobia is a newly coined term. It’s short for No Mobile Phone Phobia and ever first do this sense of anxiety people get when they don’t have their phones on them. Smartphones emerged, thanks to advancements in technology, and these small devices facilitate everyday life in many ways. But on the flip side, all this convenience has its side effects. We rarely take our eyes off our phones. We even feel nervous when we don’t have them. These symptoms can have a harmful effect on both our body and mind. Seeking professional help can reduce these symptoms. I think it might also do a lot of good to practice going without phones for short periods of time. Otherwise, finding new hobbies or spending more time talking with friends or family could also do the trick. 
 
Dialogue Practice
A: I need to go to bed early, but I always stay up late looking at my phone.
B: Me too. I feel like my eyes are glued to my phone all day.
A: Do you ever feel on edge if you don’t have your phone with you?
B: I do.
A: Same here.
B: I should make it a point to try and cut down on my phone use.