English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Monday, January 3rd
Article : New Year’s Resolutions


Every year on December 31, people ring in the new year by promising to be better. Many focus on their health by vowing to get in shape or to eat healthier. Other people focus on productivity by pledging to stop procrastinating. Others take the overall approach by resolving to be happier. Dropping a few pounds is one of people’s top New Year’s resolutions. When combined with exercise more and get fit, nearly one third of people want to improve their health. Starting an exercise or diet program is the easy part. The real trick is sticking with it. Finding a good program is one way to make it easier. A natural extension of resolving to lose weight is eating healthier, but switching to a healthier diet is easier said than done. However, with just a little determination, anyone can develop healthier eating habits. Some helpful tips include learning to control emotional eating, being aware of why diets fail and eating out less frequently. The biggest barrier that keeps most people from reaching their goals is procrastination. The desire to relax and do something fun instead of working can be strong. But one of the best ways to snap out of that bad habit is to make a to-do list. And if you can combine all of these New Year’s resolutions, you’ll be well on your way to living a happier life. 




입이 트이는 영어
Monday, January 3rd
Describe How You Study English and Exercise


Each time a New Year gets under way, people make similar resolutions. Working out and studying English are probably the top two. Exercise and English studies share one thing in common. You have to repeat them every day to realize the effects. In other words, getting in 20 minutes each day of the week is more effective than cramming in 2 hours all at once in one day. People have different ways of studying with 입트영. The method that I’ve chosen is to speak out loud, but it’s more than just that. I practice until I can recite the passage without a single mistake and then record myself. I’ve tried different workouts, too. But I settled on climbing stairs. We live on the 30th floor of my apartment. It takes 6 minutes to climb at a rapid pace and it’s a good workout. By combining the difficult tasks of English studies and exercise, it’s much less of a burden, and I improve my chances of succeeding. I highly recommend combining routines this way. 


Dialogue Practice
A: What time do you get out of bed in the morning?
B: I usually wake up around 5 in the morning. 
A: You wake up at the crack of dawn. 
B: Yes, I tune into EBS radio to study English in the morning. 
A: Wow, that’s great. You really have your routine down.
B: I also climb stairs for exercise and practice reciting 입트영.