English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Tuesday, January 4th
Article : Weight Management


Losing weight is hard, but thankfully, the details matter less than the principles. Most legitimate nutrition experts agree that the fundamental principles of weight loss apply to almost everyone. Regardless of how much they’re disguised, these principles are at the core of all good diet plans. Let’s take a closer look. Research suggests that monitoring what you eat is an effective way of reducing your caloric intake. Another useful but somewhat controversial technique is weighing. Although you might cringe at the thought of it, stepping on the scale each morning can help. Weighing yourself regularly helps avoid the slow but steady weight gain that spoils many diets. Nearly every popular diet has a list of so-called forbidden foods, and this is for good reason. Losing weight is nearly impossible without restricting certain foods that are responsible for packing on the pounds. Many nutrition experts agree that processed foods are one of the main culprits. The most important factor in losing weight is consistency. Being healthy requires a lifelong commitment. The more consistent you can be in your eating habits, the greater your chances of maintaining a healthy body weight. Whether you start off with a slow and steady approach, or you are on a crash diet, the real key to success is consistency. 




입이 트이는 영어
Tuesday, January 4th
Talk about Controlling Your Weight


Everyone experiences weight gain at some point. A person’s weight fits into a certain range from the moment they are born. In other words, there is a fixed range for a person’s weight. That’s why it’s so difficult to change that range without making a concerted effort. Being exposed to environmental factors like eating out frequently, sleep disorders, and excessive consumption of artificial sweeteners puts you a greater risk of becoming overweight or obese. In the end, you can only maintain a healthy weight by eating a consistent balanced diet and getting exercise as often as possible. Rather than going on a crash diet, you should maintain healthy eating habits and work out to prevent obesity. Dieting is a lifelong task, but enjoying the process can even improve your emotional well-being. 




Dialogue Practice
A: I really need to shed some pounds this year.
B: Me too.
A: But I fail every time I go on a diet, and even if I do lose weight, there’s the yoyo effect. 
B: Yeah, that’s why it’s so important to change your eating habits. 
A: Yes. I think I need to make it a habit to eat light. 
B: It’s also important to get a steady workout.