English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Wednesday, January 5th
Article : How to Live with COVID-19


In many parts of the world, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to rage on. As such, experts feel that society must learn to minimize the impact of the disease rather than trying to avoid it outright. Rest assured, the pandemic will end one way or another. It's a somewhat modern take on the old adage, if you can’t beat him, join him. Once enough people have gained immunity either through vaccination or infection, there will be fewer hospitalizations and fewer deaths. Periodic booster shots can help reup immunity, too. Cases may continue to rise and fall perhaps seasonally, but they no longer upend people’s lives. The pandemic would become endemic. Society needs to adjust its thinking about COVID-19. The more we can flatten the curve now, the less hospitals will become overwhelmed. In turn, the more time society will have to vaccinate the unvaccinated, including children. The coronavirus is not something societies can avoid forever, but it might be something for which they can prepare. The path to living with the coronavirus will also depend on how much the virus continues to mutate. Variants have derailed reopening plans in many parts of the world, however, there’s some light at the end of the tunnel. The virus is unlikely to evolve to the extent that it sets society’s immunity back to zero. 




입이 트이는 영어
Wednesday, January 5th
Talk about Living with COVID-19


The appearance of various coronavirus variants and breakthrough cases has drawn out the COVID-19 pandemic situation. This is why the concept of living with COVID-19 is settling in. The concept takes it as a given that it will be impossible to completely eradicate the coronavirus. Instead, it aims to help us live our lives despite COVID-19. Many people raised concerns about the course of action early on. This was based on the way cases skyrocketed in other countries, where social distancing measures were relaxed. But living with COVID-19 was a necessary measure, not just for people worn out by the virus and seeking to return to normal, but also for small business owners who took a hit financially. I think that everyone desperately wants to return to life before the coronavirus. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Most of the people in Korea have gotten their COVID-19 shots.
B: That’s right. 
A: But the vaccination rates in other countries are all over the place. 
B: I’ve heard that. 
A: New variants can emerge in places with low vaccination rates. 
B: Living with COVID-19 measures are going into effect, but we should still be careful.