English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Thursday, January 6th
Article : What Is an Introvert?


What first comes to mind when someone says the word ‘introvert’? Perhaps you picture the most reserved and thoughtful person you know. Or maybe you think of the friend who avoids special attention in social engagements. Or do you envision someone who prefers to sit quietly in the corner with a good book. But what if you are the one who prefers a quiet night at home to a crowded party. Maybe you feel exhausted after interacting with anyone other than a close friend. If that’s you, then you might be an introvert. Ironically, some experts feel that introversion is not a separate personality trait. Instead, they feel that introversion refers to low levels of extroversion. Extroverts tend to seek out social interaction. They can express themselves with ease, and often act impossibly. They thrive in busy environments and are gregarious. Extroverts enjoy being part of a crowd. In fact, they enjoy it so much that they actively avoid spending time alone. At the other end of the spectrum lies introverts. Unsurprisingly, they tend to have opposite characteristics. Generally speaking, introverts prosper in quiet environments. They enjoy the silence of solitude. As a result, they are more reserved in social settings. In fact, they are often so reserved that people mistake them as apathetic.




입이 트이는 영어
Thursday, January 6th
Describe Your Personality


I have a pretty animated personality. I am not what you would call a shrinking violet. I can make presentations in front of others, and I am often told that I have a strong mentality. But the truth is I am an introverted person. People are taken aback when I say that I am an introvert. But you can’t categorize introverted or extroverted personalities based only on whether someone is lively. Rather it depends on whether you derive energy from yourself or from external factors. Also, nobody fits squarely into just one of the two categories. Instead, they have aspects of both, but one is more dominant. In the past, it was considered preferable to be extroverted, but actually, it said that many leaders tend to be introverted. 


Dialogue Practice
A: You have such a sunny personality. 
B: Oh, thank you.
A: It lifts my mood just to be near you. 
B: But to be honest, I’m actually an introverted person. 
A: Oh, really? I never would have guessed. 
B: I get that a lot, but I’m the type of person who really needs their alone time.