English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Friday, January 7th
Article : How to Reduce Single-Use Plastics in Your Life


More plastic in the ocean than fish. This idea sounds far fetched, but unless society takes steps to reduce single-use plastics, it could become a reality. So-called plastic islands already occupy large swaps of sea in many parts of the world. The first step to reducing single-use plastics starts with individual action. Try carrying reusable shopping bags when going to the store. As many stores now charge for plastic bags, this tip will save you money. And it’s not only how we shop but also where we shop, that’s important. Try a farmers’ market rather than a chain store. Typically, the products at a farmers’ market use less plastic packaging. And when you are feeling parched, use a reusable cup. Do whatever it takes to avoid beverages in plastic bottles and disposable cups. For go plastic drinking straws if you can. Metal straws or even paper ones are viable alternatives. If you must use a plastic straw, look for clear rather than colored plastic. Producing single-use plastics consumes massive amounts of fossil fuel. This consumption causes air pollution which is said to aggravate climate change. From there, single-use plastics continue to wreak havoc on the environment. They also pose a serious threat to the health of marine creatures and humans alike. In fact, humans unknowingly consume plastic particles found in fish and other sea creatures. 




입이 트이는 영어
Friday, January 7th
Talk about the Development of Eco-Friendly Materials


ESG is the keyword at the heart of corporate management these days. ESG stands for Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance. It means that a company’s environmental footprint, social impact, and corporate governance structure are very important key factors. Among these, many corporations are upping the pace on developing eco-friendly materials to address environmental and social effects. Plastics take over 400 years to decompose and take a heavy toll on human life. That’s why many manufacturers are developing bio-materials or biodegradable plastics. The field is still taking baby steps, but I feel it needs plenty of investment and research in the future. It’s humankind's essential task for future generations and to revive the dying earth. 


Dialogue Practice
A: I like how everyone uses paper straws these days. 
B: That’s right. People are also using tote bags instead of plastic bags. 
A: They’re all changes meant to look out for the environment. 
B: But I think we need to look into more fundamental changes. 
A: Developing eco-friendly materials would be one way, right?
B: That’s right.