English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Monday, January 10th
Article : How to Become a Good Parent


Of all the challenging yet rewarding jobs in the world, raising children must certainly be near the top of the list. Ironically, it’s also the job for which people feel the least prepared, but fear not. Here are a few tips to help you on your journey to becoming a good parent. First, do whatever you can to boost your child's self-esteem. A parent’s words and actions affect kids’ self-esteem more than anything else. Praising accomplishments however small will make children feel proud. Likewise letting them do things independently will make them feel capable and strong. Conversely, belittling comments or comparing children unfavorably with others will make them feel worthless. Along those same lines, try to catch kids in the act of being good. All too often, parents criticize their children much more than they compliment them. But the truth of the matter is positive statements encourage good behavior more than repeated scoldings. Make a point of finding something to praise everyday. Finally, make time for your kids. Try getting up 10 minutes earlier than usual, so you can eat breakfast together. Kids who don’t get enough attention from their parents often act out to get the attention they crave. Even something as simple as a note in your kid’s lunch box can make all the difference in the world. 




입이 트이는 영어
Monday, January 10th
Discuss What Makes a Good Parent


I have a 12-year-old child. He weighed only 1 Kg when he was born. He received hospital care for a long time after his birth, so I never demanded anything of him. But recently people have been telling me that I can’t just leave him to his own devices without enrolling him in any after school classes. They say that it’s very rare for kids to study on their own. I endlessly mold over how to motivate him without compromising my will not to force him to do anything he doesn’t want. I arrived at the conclusion that I should set an example by studying myself. I began by waking up earlier each morning at 6 o’clock and started listening to EBS broadcasts again. I also signed up for various English study groups. A few days later, my child said to me “Mom, I want to tune into educational broadcasts with you every day.” It really felt rewarding, and I was proud of him. 


Dialogue Practice
A: Our son never wants to study. I met my wit’s end. 
B: Try setting an example by studying yourself.
A: Do you think that will have an effect?
B: I tried studying first and our child followed suit.
A: That’s a good idea.
B: Yes, you should give it a try.