English Shadowing Practice by Seongeun Yun


귀가 트이는 영어
Tuesday, January 11th
Article : Why Camping Is Rising in Popularity


The appeal of camping is easy to see. Who wouldn’t want to leave behind the stresses of modern life to basking nature. In the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic, this has never been truer. Camping might just be the antidote to cabin fever. It’s combination of safe social practices and pristine natural beauty all but guarantee campings continued popularity. If you were really about being in public during the pandemic, the built-in social distancing of camping is just what the doctor ordered. While hotels and resorts involve constant human interaction, most campsites provide ample space to maintain a safe distance from others. Because campers are not confined to enclosed indoor spaces, health risks associated with physical contact are reduced. Another benefit of camping is the ability to catch glimpses of some of the earth’s most elusive creatures. Thanks to current circumstances, the conditions to do so have never been better. Also, since there are many camping grounds near cities, camping becomes an attractive option for people who are reluctant to venture far from home. However, if you are unfamiliar with these so-called great outdoors, narrowing down the perfect camping destination can be daunting. With nearly endless possibilities, where does one begin? For amateurs, the best option may be to try out well equipped campsites which provide almost everything you need. 




입이 트이는 영어
Tuesday, January 11th
Talk about Going Camping


People seem to be going camping in droves lately. Why do people leave the comfort of their homes to go camping? I think each person gets something different out of camping. Two years ago, I experienced backpacking by chance. I tried camping because I was curious about spending a day in the great outdoors. I packed my bag with the bare necessities such as a tent, a sleeping bag, and a light meal. Just as I suspected, going to sleep and using the bathroom were both very inconvenient. But that experience left a mark on me. I put down my electronic gadgets for a day, so I was really able to clear my mind. Most importantly, I was able to feel grateful for things that I had taken it for granted. It opened my eyes to the joys of the little things.  


Dialogue Practice
A: Do you have any plans for the weekend?
B: I’m going to go camping as soon as I get off work.
A: Oh, really?
B: I gave it a go recently, and it really worked for me.
A: I see. 
B: It was a chance to shake off fatigue in the great outdoors, and to pat myself on the back.